
	 
		 


	 

	 
		 
			 
				 Okta 
				 Looks like you have Javascript turned off! Please enable it to improve your browsing experience. 
			 
		 
	 

		 
	 

		 
			 Okta 
		 
				 
			 Looking for Okta Logos? 
			 You can find all the media assets you need as part of our press room. 
			 Download Media Assets 
		 


		 
       Customers 
 Solutions Business Initiatives Protect Against Data Breaches 
 Secure, Seamless Customer Experience 
 Collaborate with Partners 
 Reduce IT Friction 
 Increase M&A Agility 
 Modernize Enterprise IT 
 
 Industries Healthcare 
 Government 
 Education 
 Energy 
 Financial Services 
 Technology 
 Nonprofit 
 
 View all solutions 
 
 Products Okta IT Products Single Sign-On 
 Multi-Factor Authentication 
 Lifecycle Management 
 Universal Directory 
 API Access Management 
 
 Okta API Products 
 Okta Integration Network 
 View all products 
 
 Services Training & Certification Overview 
 Hands-on training 
 Certification 
 Basic training 
 
 Support 
 Find a Channel Partner 
 Professional Services 
 Adoption Services 
 Self Service Overview 
 Community 
 User groups 
 
 View all services 
 
 Resources Find Your Apps 
 Content Library 
 Businesses @ Work Dashboard 
 Events 
 Customer Success Center 
 Blog 
 View all resources 
 
 Company Contact 
 Partners 
 Leadership 
 Investors 
 Vision 
 Careers 
 FAQ 
 View company 
 
 Contact Sales 
 		 

		 
			 
				Try Okta
			 
		 

		 

			 Sign In 
		 

		 
			 
 
     
     
         
     
 
		 

		 
			 
 
     
         
         
         
         
     
 
		 

	 
 

 
	 

		 
		 Search 

	 
 

 
   
       
   

  
  
   

  
    
      
      
     
   
     

       

         
           
             Careers 
           
                       
               Sales 
             
                     
             Senior Sales Development Representative 
           
         

       

     
   
 

 

   
     
       
         
       
     
     
       
         
       
     
     
       
         
       
     
   

   
     

       

         
          Senior Sales Development Representative         

       

       

         

           
             Position   Description : For the high-energy lead generation professional, the Senior Sales Development Representative is a great opportunity to help drive demand for our market-leading cloud adoption and management solution. Your consistent track record of working strategically with both Marketing and Sales teams in a business development and lead generation capacity will allow you to thrive in our dynamic, high-activity environment. Working closely with the marketing, you'll be own contacting prospective customers and for qualifying opportunities for the Okta solution. Working with our seasoned account executives you will map out and build pipeline, and help resolve our most effective marketing channels. At Okta we bolster promoting from within and with our current growth plans and the acceleration we're seeing in our business, strong performance in this role can lead to upward mobility within the Sales organization. 
  Our sales  representatives are high-energy, self-motivated, agile and able to change hats on the fly. In this highly prized role, excellent phone and email skills and the ability to quickly assess customer opportunities will be critical to your success. You will be responsible for accurately tracking customer interactions and information in our CRM system. We're looking for professionals with strong organizational and follow up skills who work well in a team environment. Prior lead generation or sales prospecting experience and a college degree will enhance your candidacy for this role. If this sounds like the type of environment in which you thrive, then we want to talk to you about this career-defining opportunity. 
 Job Duties and Responsibilities: 
 
 Generate new business opportunities to fuel the sales pipeline 
 Efficiently respond and qualify inbound marketing leads 
 Help build and prioritize strategic target account lists within a defined territory 
 Research and build new and existing accounts (i.e.: adding contacts, emails, strategic calling) 
 Conduct high level conversations with Senior Executives in prospect accounts 
 Evangelize Okta and the On-Demand mode 
 Achieve monthly quotas of qualified opportunities and closed business 
 
 Required Skills : 
 
 Minimum of 6 months previous prospecting experience 
 Salesforce.com experience a plus 
 Excellent written/verbal communication skills 
 Strong analytical skills 
 Highly motivated, driven and self-starting individual 
 Ability to work in a dynamic, team environment 
 Ability to understand customer needs and meet that need with a successful product sale 
 Excellent time management/organizational skills 
 Bachelor's degree from an accredited university 
 
 Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
 #LI-BM1            

           

             
               
             

             
               Okta 
               
              The foundation for secure connections between people and technology
             

             
               Okta is the leading provider of identity for the enterprise. The Okta Identity Cloud connects and protects employees of many of the world's largest enterprises. It also securely connects enterprises to their partners, suppliers and customers. With deep integrations to over 5,000 apps, the Okta Identity Cloud enables simple and secure access from any device. Thousands of customers, including Experian, 20th Century Fox, LinkedIn, Flex, News Corp, Dish Networks and Adobe trust Okta to work faster, boost revenue and stay secure. Okta helps customers fulfill their missions faster by making it safe and easy to use the technologies they need to do their most significant work. 
             

           

         

       

       

         

           

             

               
                Apply
               
               
               
                               
               
                 
   First Name  * 
  
 
 
   Last Name  * 
  
 
 
   Email  * 
  
 
 
   Phone  
  
 
 Resume 
   Resume  
  
     Upload PDF  

 
 
     Paste  

 
 
 
 
   Resume/CV  
  
 
 Upload Resume/CV (PDF must be less than 8 MB ) 
 
 
   Resume/CV  
  
 
 Cover Letter 
   Cover Letter  
  
     Upload PDF  

 
 
     Paste  

 
 
 
 
   Cover Letter  
  
 
 Upload Cover Letter (PDF must be less than 8 MB ) 
 
 
   Cover Letter  
  
 
 
   LinkedIn Profile  
  
 
 
   Website  
  
 
 
   How did you hear about this job?  
  
 
 
     
 
                

             

           

         

       

     
   
 
  
  
    
   
   

         
  
         Trending Topics: 
    
     Enable Digital Business with IAM 
 A Cloud Service for Secure Digital Experiences 
 Office 365 Adoption eGuide 
 Consumer Identity Management 
 Automate Identity Lifecycle 
 Okta vs. ADFS 
   
   
   
 

 
   

     
         
  
         Quick Links 
    
     Partners 
 Pricing 
 Careers 
 Support 
 Press Room 
 Trust 
 Blog 
 Contact Us 
 Executive Briefing Center 
   
   
  
      
     Solutions Protect Against Data Breaches 
 Secure, Seamless Customer Experience 
 Collaborate with Partners 
 Enable a Mobile Workforce 
 Reduce IT Friction 
 Increase M&A Agility 
 View All › 
 
 Resources Whitepapers 
 Analyst Research 
 Webinars 
 Businesses @ Work Dashboard 
 Events 
 
   
   
  
      
     Products Okta IT Products Single Sign-On 
 Multi-Factor Authentication 
 Lifecycle Management 
 Universal Directory 
 
 Okta API Products 
 Okta Integration Network 
 
   
        

     
         
  
      
     © 2017 Okta, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Various trademarks held by their respective owners. 
  
   
  
      
     Privacy 
 Security 
 FAQ 
 Visit our Developer Site 
   
   
  
         Select Language 
    
     English 
 French 
   
   
  
      
     Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Youtube 
   
        

   
 


   
			 
 

 
 
 

