
	 
		 


	 

	 
		 
			 
				 Okta 
				 Looks like you have Javascript turned off! Please enable it to improve your browsing experience. 
			 
		 
	 

		 
	 

		 
			 Okta 
		 
				 
			 Looking for Okta Logos? 
			 You can find all the media assets you need as part of our press room. 
			 Download Media Assets 
		 


		 
       Customers 
 Solutions Business Initiatives Protect Against Data Breaches 
 Secure, Seamless Customer Experience 
 Collaborate with Partners 
 Reduce IT Friction 
 Increase M&A Agility 
 Modernize Enterprise IT 
 
 Industries Healthcare 
 Government 
 Education 
 Energy 
 Financial Services 
 Technology 
 Nonprofit 
 
 View all solutions 
 
 Products Okta IT Products Single Sign-On 
 Multi-Factor Authentication 
 Lifecycle Management 
 Universal Directory 
 API Access Management 
 
 Okta API Products 
 Okta Integration Network 
 View all products 
 
 Services Training & Certification Overview 
 Hands-on training 
 Certification 
 Basic training 
 
 Support 
 Find a Channel Partner 
 Professional Services 
 Adoption Services 
 Self Service Overview 
 Community 
 User groups 
 
 View all services 
 
 Resources Find Your Apps 
 Content Library 
 Businesses @ Work Dashboard 
 Events 
 Customer Success Center 
 Blog 
 View all resources 
 
 Company Contact 
 Partners 
 Leadership 
 Investors 
 Vision 
 Careers 
 FAQ 
 View company 
 
 Contact Sales 
 		 

		 
			 
				Try Okta
			 
		 

		 

			 Sign In 
		 

		 
			 
 
     
     
         
     
 
		 

		 
			 
 
     
         
         
         
         
     
 
		 

	 
 

 
	 

		 
		 Search 

	 
 

 
   
       
   

  
  
   

  
    
      
      
     
   
     

       

         
           
             Careers 
           
                       
               Engineering 
             
                     
             Site Reliability Engineer (Senior/Staff/Principal) 
           
         

       

     
   
 

 

   
     
       
         
       
     
     
       
         
       
     
     
       
         
       
     
   

   
     

       

         
          Site Reliability Engineer (Senior/Staff/Principal)         

       

       

         

           
             Position Description: 
 At Okta our motto is "Always On", and nowhere do we embrace that more than in Technical Operations. We strive to build the most reliable and performant systems on the planet through the skillful use of automation. If you like to be challenged and have a passion for solving problems at scale with automation, testing and tuning then we would love to hear from you. The ideal candidate is someone who exemplifies the ethics of, “If you have to do something more than once, automate it,” and who can rapidly self-educate on new concepts and tools.  
 You will work on: • Designing, building, running and monitoring Okta's production infrastructure • Responding to production incidents and determining how we can prevent them in the future • Triaging and troubleshooting complex production issues to ensure reliability and performance • Identifying and automating manual processes  • Continuously evolving our monitoring tools and platform • Promoting and applying best practices for building scalable and reliable services across engineering • Developing and maintaining technical documentation, runbooks, and procedures • Supporting a 24x7 online environment as part of an on-call rotation 
 You are an ideal candidate if you: • Have experience with Linux systems administration including strong scripting skills in Bash, Ruby, Python, Go or similar • Have in-depth knowledge and experience supporting web applications running on Java / Apache / Tomcat in a live production environment • Have experience with running Docker containers in a production environment and/or on AWS • Have experience running production services in AWS (EC2, ECS, KMS, Kinesis, CloudWatch) • Have experience automating systems and infrastructure via Ansible, Chef or Terraform • Solid understanding of networking concepts and IP protocols • Experience using and supporting Splunk, Zabbix or related tools • Have knowledge or experience of CI/CD principles  • Experience working in a source controlled environment  • Worked with Relational Databases, such as MySQL • Knowledge of NoSQL systems such as Redis, Cassandra is an added plus 
 Education and Training:   • B.S. Computer Science (plus) or relevant experience 
 Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
 #LI-TC1            

           

             
               
             

             
               Okta 
               
              The foundation for secure connections between people and technology
             

             
               Okta is the leading provider of identity for the enterprise. The Okta Identity Cloud connects and protects employees of many of the world's largest enterprises. It also securely connects enterprises to their partners, suppliers and customers. With deep integrations to over 5,000 apps, the Okta Identity Cloud enables simple and secure access from any device. Thousands of customers, including Experian, 20th Century Fox, LinkedIn, Flex, News Corp, Dish Networks and Adobe trust Okta to work faster, boost revenue and stay secure. Okta helps customers fulfill their missions faster by making it safe and easy to use the technologies they need to do their most significant work. 
             

           

         

       

       

         

           

             

               
                Apply
               
               
               
                               
               
                 
   First Name  * 
  
 
 
   Last Name  * 
  
 
 
   Email  * 
  
 
 
   Phone  
  
 
 Resume 
   Resume  
  
     Upload PDF  

 
 
     Paste  

 
 
 
 
   Resume/CV  
  
 
 Upload Resume/CV (PDF must be less than 8 MB ) 
 
 
   Resume/CV  
  
 
 Cover Letter 
   Cover Letter  
  
     Upload PDF  

 
 
     Paste  

 
 
 
 
   Cover Letter  
  
 
 Upload Cover Letter (PDF must be less than 8 MB ) 
 
 
   Cover Letter  
  
 
 
   LinkedIn Profile  
  
 
 
   Website  
  
 
 
   How did you hear about this job?  
  
 
 
   Choose Are you related to anyone employed by Okta?  * 
  Choose Are you related to anyone employed by Okta? No Yes 
 
 
   If yes, please provide name and relationship.  
  
 
 
   Will you now or in the future require sponsorship for employment authorization?  * 
  
 
 
     
 
                

             

           

         

       

     
   
 
  
  
    
   
   

         
  
         Trending Topics: 
    
     Enable Digital Business with IAM 
 A Cloud Service for Secure Digital Experiences 
 Office 365 Adoption eGuide 
 Consumer Identity Management 
 Automate Identity Lifecycle 
 Okta vs. ADFS 
   
   
   
 

 
   

     
         
  
         Quick Links 
    
     Partners 
 Pricing 
 Careers 
 Support 
 Press Room 
 Trust 
 Blog 
 Contact Us 
 Executive Briefing Center 
   
   
  
      
     Solutions Protect Against Data Breaches 
 Secure, Seamless Customer Experience 
 Collaborate with Partners 
 Enable a Mobile Workforce 
 Reduce IT Friction 
 Increase M&A Agility 
 View All › 
 
 Resources Whitepapers 
 Analyst Research 
 Webinars 
 Businesses @ Work Dashboard 
 Events 
 
   
   
  
      
     Products Okta IT Products Single Sign-On 
 Multi-Factor Authentication 
 Lifecycle Management 
 Universal Directory 
 
 Okta API Products 
 Okta Integration Network 
 
   
        

     
         
  
      
     © 2017 Okta, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Various trademarks held by their respective owners. 
  
   
  
      
     Privacy 
 Security 
 FAQ 
 Visit our Developer Site 
   
   
  
         Select Language 
    
     English 
 French 
   
   
  
      
     Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Youtube 
   
        

   
 


   
			 
 

 
 
 

