
	 
		 


	 

	 
		 
			 
				 Okta 
				 Looks like you have Javascript turned off! Please enable it to improve your browsing experience. 
			 
		 
	 

		 
	 

		 
			 Okta 
		 
				 
			 Looking for Okta Logos? 
			 You can find all the media assets you need as part of our press room. 
			 Download Media Assets 
		 


		 
       Customers 
 Solutions Business Initiatives Protect Against Data Breaches 
 Secure, Seamless Customer Experience 
 Collaborate with Partners 
 Reduce IT Friction 
 Increase M&A Agility 
 Modernize Enterprise IT 
 
 Industries Healthcare 
 Government 
 Education 
 Energy 
 Financial Services 
 Technology 
 Nonprofit 
 
 View all solutions 
 
 Products Okta IT Products Single Sign-On 
 Multi-Factor Authentication 
 Lifecycle Management 
 Universal Directory 
 API Access Management 
 
 Okta API Products 
 Okta Integration Network 
 View all products 
 
 Services Training & Certification Overview 
 Hands-on training 
 Certification 
 Basic training 
 
 Support 
 Find a Channel Partner 
 Professional Services 
 Adoption Services 
 Self Service Overview 
 Community 
 User groups 
 
 View all services 
 
 Resources Find Your Apps 
 Content Library 
 Businesses @ Work Dashboard 
 Events 
 Customer Success Center 
 Blog 
 View all resources 
 
 Company Contact 
 Partners 
 Leadership 
 Investors 
 Vision 
 Careers 
 FAQ 
 View company 
 
 Contact Sales 
 		 

		 
			 
				Try Okta
			 
		 

		 

			 Sign In 
		 

		 
			 
 
     
     
         
     
 
		 

		 
			 
 
     
         
         
         
         
     
 
		 

	 
 

 
	 

		 
		 Search 

	 
 

 
   
       
   

  
  
   

  
    
      
      
     
   
     

       

         
           
             Careers 
           
                       
               Product 
             
                     
             Director Product Marketing, Identity 
           
         

       

     
   
 

 

   
     
       
         
       
     
     
       
         
       
     
     
       
         
       
     
   

   
     

       

         
          Director Product Marketing, Identity         

       

       

         

           
             Position Description: 
 As we scale Okta globally through our enterprise and commercial go-to-market, the core identity business – including Universal Directory, SSO, and Lifecycle Management - continues to play a central and strategic role in driving growth for the company. Enabling this growth at Okta is product marketing, which is responsible for sizing market opportunities, understanding buyers and how to effectively communicate value, mapping the competitive landscape, packaging and pricing the Okta service to best capture value and drive growth, prioritizing go to market investments, and enabling a global sales organization that spans multiple customer segments and buyers. 
 As evidence by the new Gartner Access Management MQ, modern, cloud-based identity management has entered the mainstream. While Okta was placed very favorably in this new MQ, the stakes have never been higher for the core identity business to continue to power the company’s growth as organizations large and small modernize their entire IT infrastructure. From smaller organizations that are looking to Okta to power their cloud/mobile-first strategy to larger enterprises that are looking to Okta to transform their legacy IT stack, telling our unique identity story with clarity and continued thought leadership, expanding through new partnerships and channels, and expanding the awareness of the strategic importance of Okta has never been more important. 
 The identity product marketing leader will have three core responsibilities: 
 
 Identity   business   and   product   ownership:  our identity business is the largest and most strategic business at Okta. This leader will continue challenging the status quo relative to legacy IAM with our cloud-based identity and access products. This includes being responsible for the overall business management messaging, positioning, compete, packaging, pricing, analyst, PR, and go-to-market campaigns for our core business. 
 Identity   GTM   leader:  define KPIs, assess performance, identify areas for additional investment, and drive a coordinated go to market strategy across the broader Okta organization. This includes leadership of the PMM team around our core identity go-to-market plays, including our Modernize Enterprise IT, Build 100% Cloud/Mobile IT, and Increase M&A Agility initiatives. 
 Lead   the   core   identity   team.  We have a high-power, high achieving identity team here at Okta, so you’ll be leveraging your previous management skills to their fullest to ensure that the team continues to perform at a high level. This team includes strong product marketing practitioners across our Universal Directory, SSO, and Lifecycle Management products as well as our Business Value Management function. 
 
   
 Job Duties and Responsibilities: 
 
 Business Leadership and Go To Market Strategy 
 Identify and prioritize Target Markets, Product Opportunities and Buyers 
 Evolve and drive cross organizational alignment around Repeatable Use Cases 
 Partner with corporate marketing to prioritize and inform demand gen investments and communication strategies 
 Partner with Analyst Relations to develop and drive deep relations with key analysts and lead Okta responses to relevant MQ, Wave, etc. submissions 
 Publicly represent Okta with customers, partners and larger audiences to communicate our product and business value, and educate customers, prospects and partners about Okta’s company and business strategy 
 Customer Driven Messaging, Positioning and Content 
 Collaborate with corporate marketing on our identity message 
 Define and deliver effective product messaging and positioning across products, segments, and use cases 
 Deliver content in various formats to communicate messaging and value of Okta 
 Packaging and Pricing 
 Deliver packaging and pricing of Okta across products and segments that aligns with go to market and competitive strategy 
 Provide tools and enablement across the company 
 Manage ongoing input and feedback to evolve with changes in product, strategy 
 Business Value Quantification 
 Provide world class tools, enablement, and support for quantifying the value of Okta 
 Drive adoption of business value more broadly across Okta beyond sales 
 Competitive Analysis 
 Develop and maintain a deep understanding of competitive product and go to market strategies to inform Okta’s business strategy 
 Collaborate with tech marketing to ensure we have technical product knowledge and that sales reps and SEs can articulate competitive differentiation and defend value 
 Sales Enablement 
 Collaborate with sales ops team to deliver tools and training for sales rep 
 Provide “real time” support for field in deals to navigate competitive and business challenges 
 Collaborate with technical marketing to ensure alignment across sales and SE enablement 
 Establish strong, collaborative relationships across Okta 
 Develop strong working relationships with Product Management, Technical Marketing, Sales, Marketing, and Customer Success to foster a creative and nimble culture with very tight functional alignment. 
 
   
 Required Skills: 
 
 7+ years of product management or product marketing experience for an enterprise-focused software, SaaS, or web services company. 
 Experience selling to CIO and IT community is a requirement, ideally with an IAM background. 
 Consistent record of marketing to a highly technical audience. You are comfortable working with and marketing to technical buyers within enterprises. 
 Leadership skills as this will be a team management position. 
 Strong written and verbal communication and presentation skills (of course) 
 Real passion for measurement, metrics and continuous improvement across the organization. 
 Project management skills, can handle multiple priorities in a dynamic environment 
 A degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field. MBA a plus. 
 
 Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
   
 #LI-CS1 Apply now U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary) Individuals seeking employment at this company are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national
origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are being
given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us comply with federal and state Equal Employment
Opportunity/Affirmative Action record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements. 

 Completion of the form is entirely  voluntary . Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring
process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. 
 
  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection.
  As a government contractor subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure
  the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories
  is as follows:
 
 A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability. 
 A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service. 
 An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense. 
 An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985. 
 Why are you being asked to complete this form? 
 Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  
 If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment because you did not identify as having a disability earlier. 
 How do I know if I have a disability? 
 You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition. 

 Disabilities include, but are not limited to: 
 
   Blindness 
   Deafness 
   Cancer 
   Diabetes 
   Epilepsy 
   Autism 
   Cerebral palsy 
   HIV/AIDS 
   Schizophrenia 
   Muscular dystrophy 
   Bipolar disorder 
   Major depression 
   Multiple sclerosis (MS) 
   Missing limbs or partially missing limbs 
   Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) 
   Obsessive compulsive disorder 
   Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair 
   Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation) 
 
 Reasonable Accommodation Notice 
 Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities.    Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. 
 1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors, visit the U.S. Department of Labor’s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at  www.dol.gov/ofccp . 
 PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete. 
            

           

             
               
             

             
               Okta 
               
              The foundation for secure connections between people and technology
             

             
               Okta is the leading provider of identity for the enterprise. The Okta Identity Cloud connects and protects employees of many of the world's largest enterprises. It also securely connects enterprises to their partners, suppliers and customers. With deep integrations to over 5,000 apps, the Okta Identity Cloud enables simple and secure access from any device. Thousands of customers, including Experian, 20th Century Fox, LinkedIn, Flex, News Corp, Dish Networks and Adobe trust Okta to work faster, boost revenue and stay secure. Okta helps customers fulfill their missions faster by making it safe and easy to use the technologies they need to do their most significant work. 
             

           

         

       

       

         

           

             

               
                Apply
               
               
               
                               
               
                 
   First Name  * 
  
 
 
   Last Name  * 
  
 
 
   Email  * 
  
 
 
   Phone  
  
 
 Resume 
   Resume  
  
     Upload PDF  

 
 
     Paste  

 
 
 
 
   Resume/CV  
  
 
 Upload Resume/CV (PDF must be less than 8 MB ) 
 
 
   Resume/CV  
  
 
 Cover Letter 
   Cover Letter  
  
     Upload PDF  

 
 
     Paste  

 
 
 
 
   Cover Letter  
  
 
 Upload Cover Letter (PDF must be less than 8 MB ) 
 
 
   Cover Letter  
  
 
 
   LinkedIn Profile  
  
 
 
   Website  
  
 
 
   How did you hear about this job?  
  
 
 U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information Completion is voluntary  Read more Read more 
   Choose Gender  
  Choose Gender Male Female Decline To Self Identify 
 
 
   Choose Race  
  Choose Race American Indian or Alaskan Native Asian Black or African American Hispanic or Latino White Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander Two or More Races Decline To Self Identify 
 
 
   Veteran Status  
  Veteran Status I am not a protected veteran I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran I don't wish to answer 
 
 
   Disability Status  
  Disability Status Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability) No, I don't have a disability I don't wish to answer 
 
 
 
     
 
                

             

           

         

       

     
   
 
  
  
    
   
   

         
  
         Trending Topics: 
    
     Enable Digital Business with IAM 
 A Cloud Service for Secure Digital Experiences 
 Office 365 Adoption eGuide 
 Consumer Identity Management 
 Automate Identity Lifecycle 
 Okta vs. ADFS 
   
   
   
 

 
   

     
         
  
         Quick Links 
    
     Partners 
 Pricing 
 Careers 
 Support 
 Press Room 
 Trust 
 Blog 
 Contact Us 
 Executive Briefing Center 
   
   
  
      
     Solutions Protect Against Data Breaches 
 Secure, Seamless Customer Experience 
 Collaborate with Partners 
 Enable a Mobile Workforce 
 Reduce IT Friction 
 Increase M&A Agility 
 View All › 
 
 Resources Whitepapers 
 Analyst Research 
 Webinars 
 Businesses @ Work Dashboard 
 Events 
 
   
   
  
      
     Products Okta IT Products Single Sign-On 
 Multi-Factor Authentication 
 Lifecycle Management 
 Universal Directory 
 
 Okta API Products 
 Okta Integration Network 
 
   
        

     
         
  
      
     © 2017 Okta, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Various trademarks held by their respective owners. 
  
   
  
      
     Privacy 
 Security 
 FAQ 
 Visit our Developer Site 
   
   
  
         Select Language 
    
     English 
 French 
   
   
  
      
     Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Youtube 
   
        

   
 


   
			 
 

 
 
 

