
	 
		 


	 

	 
		 
			 
				 Okta 
				 Looks like you have Javascript turned off! Please enable it to improve your browsing experience. 
			 
		 
	 

		 
	 

		 
			 Okta 
		 
				 
			 Looking for Okta Logos? 
			 You can find all the media assets you need as part of our press room. 
			 Download Media Assets 
		 


		 
       Customers 
 Solutions Business Initiatives Protect Against Data Breaches 
 Secure, Seamless Customer Experience 
 Collaborate with Partners 
 Reduce IT Friction 
 Increase M&A Agility 
 Modernize Enterprise IT 
 
 Industries Healthcare 
 Government 
 Education 
 Energy 
 Financial Services 
 Technology 
 Nonprofit 
 
 View all solutions 
 
 Products Okta IT Products Single Sign-On 
 Multi-Factor Authentication 
 Lifecycle Management 
 Universal Directory 
 API Access Management 
 
 Okta API Products 
 Okta Integration Network 
 View all products 
 
 Services Training & Certification Overview 
 Hands-on training 
 Certification 
 Basic training 
 
 Support 
 Find a Channel Partner 
 Professional Services 
 Adoption Services 
 Self Service Overview 
 Community 
 User groups 
 
 View all services 
 
 Resources Find Your Apps 
 Content Library 
 Businesses @ Work Dashboard 
 Events 
 Customer Success Center 
 Blog 
 View all resources 
 
 Company Contact 
 Partners 
 Leadership 
 Investors 
 Vision 
 Careers 
 FAQ 
 View company 
 
 Contact Sales 
 		 

		 
			 
				Try Okta
			 
		 

		 

			 Sign In 
		 

		 
			 
 
     
     
         
     
 
		 

		 
			 
 
     
         
         
         
         
     
 
		 

	 
 

 
	 

		 
		 Search 

	 
 

 
   
       
   

  
  
   

  
    
      
      
     
   
     

       

         
           
             Careers 
           
                       
               Product 
             
                     
             Senior Technical Marketing Manager, Microsoft Integrations 
           
         

       

     
   
 

 

   
     
       
         
       
     
     
       
         
       
     
     
       
         
       
     
   

   
     

       

         
          Senior Technical Marketing Manager, Microsoft Integrations         

       

       

         

           
             Position Description: 
 Okta’s the foundation for secure connections between people and technology—and for many of our customers that technology is built by Microsoft. Customers use Okta to seamlessly connect to Office365, Active Directory, Intune, and dozens of other business applications, and that’s why we are seeking a Senior Technical Marketing Manager for Microsoft Integrations. We need somebody who can understand customer challenges deeply and articulate how Okta can  help them remove many of the barriers to adopting new technologies.  
   
 What’s this role all about? 
 As a Technical Marketing Manager, you’ll be a member of Okta’s Product team. You’ll make sure that the Technical Enablement team has all of the content they need to keep the field teams up-to-date on what the product does and how it does it. And you’ll partner with Product Management and Product Marketing to constantly assess the product-problem fit, ensuring that what was built, shipped, and sold exceeds our customer's expectations. 
   
 What will you do? 
 
 You will understand the technical details of how Okta’s Microsoft integrations work and how to configure them. Okta invests more in our Microsoft integrations than those of any other vendor, and together Okta and Microsoft enable a broad range of use cases for our customers. The TMM will run beta programs and work closely with customers and technical sales to understand and assess the ability of the Okta product to meet the actual customer need. 
 You will evangelize key integrations internally and externally. The TMM will draw from deep expertise of the product to clearly articulate how a given feature uniquely addresses customer use cases. 
 You will enable technical audiences across Okta to sell, deploy, support, train upon, or consult. The TMM will create Proof-of-Concept Guides, datasheets, presentation decks and other resources to accelerate the field. 
 You will contribute to critical product decision-making. Customer insights will make the TMM invaluable when choosing in which direction the product should head. 
 You will become the go-to expert on key competitors in the identity-as-a-service area. This TMM will research competitive solutions to understand the landscape deeply and build presentations and assets to share Okta’s differentiation. 
 
   
 What do you need now? 
 
 You must have some experience and knowledge of Microsoft's enterprise software solutions, including, but not limited to: 
 
 Active Directory and Azure Active Directory suite of services 
 Windows 10 
 Intune 
 Office365 Mail and Productivity Suite 
 Sharepoint, Skype, Yammer, and/or Dynamics are a plus 
 
 You must be able to write and speak clearly about technically complex integrations and use cases in a compelling way, without extensive use of jargon or acronyms.  
 You must be able to build your own deliverables and collaborate across cross-functional teams on broad initiatives. 
 You must have some experience creating technical documentation, e.g., deployment guides, configuration guides, technical sales and marketing collateral, blog posts. 
 You must be a skilled researcher and a critical analyst. You will perform in-depth analysis of competitive products and technologies to compare them to Okta, then train the field teams to understand and articulate Okta's differentiated mission, vision and story. 
 
 What will you get out of this role? 
 
 You’ll get to work with our awesome customers—bold companies who have partnered with Okta to solve some of their most critical challenges. 
 You’ll become familiar with the entire product development lifecycle at one of the fastest-growing SaaS companies in the world—from ideation to adoption. 
 You’ll be at ground-zero of one of the most significant technology trends of our time: organizations reducing IT friction by adopting the cloud. 
 You’ll work on a small team with a big impact, in a collaborative company with audacious goals. 
 
   
 Required Skills: 
 
 Bachelor’s degree in Engineering or Science 
 5-8 years of technical marketing, product management, pre-sales engineering, field engineering, or customer-facing support experience required 
 In-depth knowledge of Microsoft technologies and a complete understanding of how they are implemented in typical customer environments. 
 Ability to articulate technical concepts clearly and concisely with very strong written and verbal communication and presentation skills  
 Ability to manage multiple priorities and tasks in a dynamic environment with competing priorities 
 
   
 Preferred Skills: 
 
 Familiarity with authentication and authorization protocols and products 
 Experience with enterprise SaaS solutions 
 Familiarity with the classic Information Technology (IT) "Stack", both hardware like networking equipment, and software like operating systems and business applications. 
 MCP, MCSE, CISSP, CCSP will be a plus 
 
   
 Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
   
 #LI-CS1 
   Apply now U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary) Individuals seeking employment at this company are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national
origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are being
given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us comply with federal and state Equal Employment
Opportunity/Affirmative Action record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements. 

 Completion of the form is entirely  voluntary . Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring
process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file. 
 
  If you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection.
  As a government contractor subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure
  the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories
  is as follows:
 
 A "disabled veteran" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability. 
 A "recently separated veteran" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service. 
 An "active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense. 
 An "Armed forces service medal veteran" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985. 
 Why are you being asked to complete this form? 
 Because we do business with the government, we must reach out to, hire, and provide equal opportunity to qualified people with disabilities 1 .  To help us measure how well we are doing, we are asking you to tell us if you have a disability or if you ever had a disability.  Completing this form is voluntary, but we hope that you will choose to fill it out.  If you are applying for a job, any answer you give will be kept private and will not be used against you in any way.  
 If you already work for us, your answer will not be used against you in any way.  Because a person may become disabled at any time, we are required to ask all of our employees to update their information every five years.  You may voluntarily self-identify as having a disability on this form without fear of any punishment because you did not identify as having a disability earlier. 
 How do I know if I have a disability? 
 You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition. 

 Disabilities include, but are not limited to: 
 
   Blindness 
   Deafness 
   Cancer 
   Diabetes 
   Epilepsy 
   Autism 
   Cerebral palsy 
   HIV/AIDS 
   Schizophrenia 
   Muscular dystrophy 
   Bipolar disorder 
   Major depression 
   Multiple sclerosis (MS) 
   Missing limbs or partially missing limbs 
   Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) 
   Obsessive compulsive disorder 
   Impairments requiring the use of a wheelchair 
   Intellectual disability (previously called mental retardation) 
 
 Reasonable Accommodation Notice 
 Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities.    Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job.  Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. 
 1 Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended.  For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors, visit the U.S. Department of Labor’s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at  www.dol.gov/ofccp . 
 PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT:  According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete. 
            

           

             
               
             

             
               Okta 
               
              The foundation for secure connections between people and technology
             

             
               Okta is the leading provider of identity for the enterprise. The Okta Identity Cloud connects and protects employees of many of the world's largest enterprises. It also securely connects enterprises to their partners, suppliers and customers. With deep integrations to over 5,000 apps, the Okta Identity Cloud enables simple and secure access from any device. Thousands of customers, including Experian, 20th Century Fox, LinkedIn, Flex, News Corp, Dish Networks and Adobe trust Okta to work faster, boost revenue and stay secure. Okta helps customers fulfill their missions faster by making it safe and easy to use the technologies they need to do their most significant work. 
             

           

         

       

       

         

           

             

               
                Apply
               
               
               
                               
               
                 
   First Name  * 
  
 
 
   Last Name  * 
  
 
 
   Email  * 
  
 
 
   Phone  
  
 
 Resume 
   Resume  
  
     Upload PDF  

 
 
     Paste  

 
 
 
 
   Resume/CV  
  
 
 Upload Resume/CV (PDF must be less than 8 MB ) 
 
 
   Resume/CV  
  
 
 Cover Letter 
   Cover Letter  
  
     Upload PDF  

 
 
     Paste  

 
 
 
 
   Cover Letter  
  
 
 Upload Cover Letter (PDF must be less than 8 MB ) 
 
 
   Cover Letter  
  
 
 
   LinkedIn Profile  
  
 
 
   Website  
  
 
 
   How did you hear about this job?  
  
 
 U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information Completion is voluntary  Read more Read more 
   Choose Gender  
  Choose Gender Male Female Decline To Self Identify 
 
 
   Choose Race  
  Choose Race American Indian or Alaskan Native Asian Black or African American Hispanic or Latino White Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander Two or More Races Decline To Self Identify 
 
 
   Veteran Status  
  Veteran Status I am not a protected veteran I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran I don't wish to answer 
 
 
   Disability Status  
  Disability Status Yes, I have a disability (or previously had a disability) No, I don't have a disability I don't wish to answer 
 
 
 
     
 
                

             

           

         

       

     
   
 
  
  
    
   
   

         
  
         Trending Topics: 
    
     Enable Digital Business with IAM 
 A Cloud Service for Secure Digital Experiences 
 Office 365 Adoption eGuide 
 Consumer Identity Management 
 Automate Identity Lifecycle 
 Okta vs. ADFS 
   
   
   
 

 
   

     
         
  
         Quick Links 
    
     Partners 
 Pricing 
 Careers 
 Support 
 Press Room 
 Trust 
 Blog 
 Contact Us 
 Executive Briefing Center 
   
   
  
      
     Solutions Protect Against Data Breaches 
 Secure, Seamless Customer Experience 
 Collaborate with Partners 
 Enable a Mobile Workforce 
 Reduce IT Friction 
 Increase M&A Agility 
 View All › 
 
 Resources Whitepapers 
 Analyst Research 
 Webinars 
 Businesses @ Work Dashboard 
 Events 
 
   
   
  
      
     Products Okta IT Products Single Sign-On 
 Multi-Factor Authentication 
 Lifecycle Management 
 Universal Directory 
 
 Okta API Products 
 Okta Integration Network 
 
   
        

     
         
  
      
     © 2017 Okta, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Various trademarks held by their respective owners. 
  
   
  
      
     Privacy 
 Security 
 FAQ 
 Visit our Developer Site 
   
   
  
         Select Language 
    
     English 
 French 
   
   
  
      
     Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Youtube 
   
        

   
 


   
			 
 

 
 
 

