Uber 189--Restaurant-Partnership-Specialist---Ubereats-(Contractor)---Chennai--India---Uber---Uber.Txt

uber's positive impact is tangible in the communities we operate in, and that drives us to keep moving forward. uber is looking for a restaurant partnership specialist to help build the brand new ubereats business in india.

we are looking for a few skilled people to help us build our new ubereats business in india as restaurant partnership specialists. we need people with excellent communication and problem-solving skills, a reasonable, process-driven mindset, fantastic people skills and a go getter's attitude. once a restaurant agrees to partner with us, you'll own the relationship. this will include getting them onboarded and set up on our platform, keeping them engaged and satisfied, and handling any issues that they may have.
working with uber is a great opportunity to work with a top-notch sales & operations team and dive deep into uber's day-to-day-operations. you'll have a critical position in helping grow a brand new product as ubereats continues to transform the local food delivery scene.
coordinate and execute the restaurant onboarding process (e.g. setting up system profiles, building and curating the menu the restaurant will show in the app) in your city
you will be responsible for coordinating between food photographers and restaurants to schedule photoshoots. you will also have to audit the photographs and upload them on our platform.
you will be responsible for training restaurant partners on how to use our application, their payment cycles, and support services.
manage restaurant relationships early, keeping them engaged and making sure they feel  valued. provide excellent customer service and support for these restaurant partners throughout the on-boarding cycle
work with the central operations team to streamline processes
step up and seize opportunities to ensure our business is successful: whether that's pushing extra hard to get those last few restaurants set up or visiting a restaurant in-person to resolve an issue, you're ready and willing to put in that extra effort to make the business successful.
be part of a winning team culture

the ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment with well-defined goals, but ambiguity on how to get there
a self-driven and team player attitude
a highly organized and detail-oriented mindset
you are relentlessly driven, self-motivated and goal-oriented
you enjoy success most when you've had to overcome obstacles to achieve it
you celebrate your success, and the success of your teammates even more
you don't wait for anyone to give you anything – you make it, build it, finish it
you demonstrate your desire to master your craft early and often
you have an unstoppable intellectual curiosity, always asking: how? why not?
2+ years of experience managing and leading client facing teams
bachelor's degree
