Uber 260--Content-Designer---Learning-And-Training---Sao-Paulo--Brazil---Uber---Uber.Txt




uber is looking for elearning developers to work alongside our regional community operations team and lead the design and development of scalable training materials for our learning experience design team. this multifaceted role requires systematic organization, creativity and proficiency in adult learning, storytelling, and learner experience.
our community support teams are all about process efficiency, and as a part of the learning team, you would be ensuring that these teams of allstars are able to continuously provide extraordinary support to everyone involved in the uber experience. this role is about designing scalable, engaging and effective learning experiences for our learning programs that will be rolled out to tens of thousands of people around the world.

you'll be supporting the learning experience design (lxd) team within brazil learning team in the creation of all materials for training resources. you're prepared to:
work with subject matter experts to identify what learners need to learn
revise and rewrite content to shape it for learning needs
design intuitive experiences that are grounded in adult learning principles and directly mapped to the learning objective.
visually convey complex problems through simple instructional videos and/or interactive courses
ensure clear, effective, engaging and scalable learner experiences
work cross functionally to improve csr learning experience and knowledge retention of our internal and external tools and products
be a passionate advocate for your global community operations org
be open to the hustle, we work lots of hours and do a bit of traveling!
an interaction designer. create interactive activities that engage learnings and make information “stick”
tech savvy. you are comfortable learning new systems and have experience in creating training videos.
a builder. you can create scalable, quality-driven training experiences that last.
a self starter. you're ready for the autonomy that comes with building a new things at uber and handling multiple projects at any given moment.
a team player. you aren't scared to collaborate across function or region to get the best possible outcome for your content.
poised. cool and calm, you follow through on tasks and look for opportunities to step up to new challenges and innovate.
process driven. you have extraordinary organizational skills, and constantly look to iterate on things to make them more effective and scalable.
naturally curious. you love learning and are invested in making our community operations learning org successful through laying a strong foundation for our community support teams!
motivated. you understand the impact of a highly satisfied, excited crew of users; you are slightly obsessive-compulsive about grinding away at projects.
must have have a ba with 2+ years of relevant experience
must have experience in content authoring tools and rapid design tools
proficiency in at least one of the following required: screenflow, camtasia, articulate storyline, adobe captivate
experience in adult learning, design thinking and/or instructional design required
experience or knowledge of learning management systems (lms) desired
experience in ux and visual/graphic design a plus!
previous experience writing and building learning content or curricula a plus!
