Uber 396--Program-Manager--Rider-Account-&-Payment---Washington--District-Of-Columbia---Uber---Uber.Txt





community operations is pioneering how uber manages rider and driver partner support around the globe and we're looking for a program manager for our rider account & payment team. you'll be responsible for developing and executing on strategies and tactics to improve support performance and productivity, as well as set goals to track success, all while consistently meeting customer expectations.

this leadership role advances initiatives throughout the organization by steering interdepartmental and cross functional teams to integrate process and technology improvements, as well as work closely with external stakeholders to stay up to date with the newest trends and launches. time will be spent working with your team to analyze and research existing practices as well as future improvements that will yield the highest impact.

improve operational performance by using a data-driven approach for issue identification, root cause analysis, and improvement rollouts.
create actionable, specific kpis, support metrics and performance dashboards for all supported teams and provide progress/updates on performance vs goals regularly to key stakeholders.
provide project and key stakeholder alignment on initiatives to ensure they are connected to the larger community operations goals; ensure projects are properly defined and scoped with charters that include well-written problem statements and quantifiable goals and baseline data.
be the subject matter expert for best support practices obtained internally and externally.
be the source of knowledge to train, educate, and answer questions from project managers, customer service representatives (csrs) or other stakeholders in the organization.
be on the forefront of trends impacting the rider account & payments program.
grow your team of project managers by helping them develop critical professional skills (analytics, business acumen, presentation skills, project management, and communication)


minimum of 4 years of professional experience
experience managing cross-functional projects and stakeholders, powered by data-driven insight
self-motivated with a strong affinity for vision setting, strategic problem solving and driving action
persuasive written and verbal communication skills across diverse functions and teams
demonstrated success in uncovering data to inform customer-oriented decisions
experience facilitating behavior change within organizations
experience with process optimization, program management, customer support strategy or quality assurance


community operations is pioneering how uber manages customer and partner support around the globe. the team you will join has one mission: make customer experience our #1 competitive advantage. you and your teammates will champion this mission every day until there are no doubts it's a reality.
