Uber 466--Email-&-Mobile-Campaign-Manager--Crm---Apacx---Singapore--Singapore---Uber---Uber.Txt



as an email and mobile campaign manager, you will be a proven innovator and channel expert, ready to build campaigns that will convey our rapidly growing global brand. with the opportunity to operate and coordinate across multiple teams, you will be responsible for influencing process and messaging of our initiatives on the country and regional level.  as our business continues to grow efficiency is key and our campaign managers continuously work to optimize processes, build in automation and set strategy around the structure of our campaigns in apac.

develop email and mobile marketing campaigns that engage millions of users across apac.
set-up and deploy complex automated communications within exacttarget and other email platforms
ensure messaging is 100% accessible to everyone on both web and mobile.
manage the schedule of deployment to optimize user response and actively manage target lists.
generate, analyze, and interpret campaign data
build structures, process, and guidance to increase operational efficiency

minimum of 3 years experience creating and launching email campaigns using a leading esp such as exacttarget, responsys, cheetahmail, campaign monitor, or similar platform.
knowledge of sql required.
experience creating and sending large-scale email campaigns.
familiarity with crm or other form of database management.
experience with a/b testing
bachelor's degree or equivalent experience
ability to balance attention to detail and swift execution


the regional customer relationship management team is responsible for the definition and implementation of automated tools and processes to deliver driver, rider and eater communication throughout their lifecycle. through experimentation and collaboration our team pilots new mechanisms, produces campaigns, oversees cross-channel execution, tracks performance, creates data flows for campaign automation and provides input on global technology plans to ensure support of apac's needs.
