Uber 446--Ux-Research-Program-Manager---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt




ux program managers at uber are creative problem solvers and team leaders by nature.  they are expert at building impactful relationships, improving team cohesion, creating efficiencies, and enabling teams to stay focused on delivering amazing product and service experiences to our users.  in this role, you will be a strategic and operational partner to our ux research leadership team to build and evolve the global operational framework, systems and processes, and execute specific initiatives aimed at improving team health, communication, ways of working, and removing roadblocks to keep researchers focused on delivering their most impactful work.
work with ux research leadership to identify team needs (process, tools, learning and development needs, etc), make recommendations for improvement, and drive the planning and execution of related projects.
partner with ux research leadership to develop a communications strategy for keeping stakeholders and team better informed, synthesizing and sharing research findings to elevate awareness of research across the organization.
serve as the go-to point of contact for in-flight project status and priorities, roadblocks, and dependencies.  make sure interdependencies are understood and planned for.
create and maintain single source of truth documentation - both high level executive project summaries and executional details
support resource planning and allocation, helping align and forecast team needs
manage recurring research studies including milestone planning and running debriefs.
collaborate with research operations team to onboard new ux research team hires across business areas
facilitate regular cadence of research team
meetings, offsites, events
monitor team health. help leadership be strategic in initiatives that maintain team cohesion and morale
engage ux research team to be active contributors to design org citizenship goals
seek opportunities to evangelize the team and the work internally and externally, e.g., identifying case studies, targeting relevant conferences
source, vet, onboard and manage preferred vendor relationships in partnership with our strategic sourcing team - including negotiating and managing scope, budget, contracting and procurement
contribute to the development of the program management function.  share back successful practices, frameworks, tools, lessons learned that have worked in your team

5+ years experience as a project/program manager in a product/service design consultancy or (preferred) as part of an in-house product design/ux research team
experience working with or supporting research / insights function.
experience writing project briefs and scopes of work, estimating work effort, and managing resources.
experience creating lean and scalable workflows and implementing process improvements
vendor management experience including budget and scope negotiation, facilitating the contracts and procurement, overseeing delivery
proficiency with project management and asset management tools (e.g., jira, asana, basecamp, trello,  box, google sheets, etc)
clear and effective written, verbal, and visual communication skills
strong analytical ability, conflict resolution and negotiation skills
ability to navigate ambiguity and drive conversations forward
superior organizational, time management, and prioritization skills
self-directed and takes initiative in tackling problems
excellent team player with experience leading large, complex team structures


the ux research team's mission is to inform and influence product decisions with exceptional insights about people, technology and services in our current and future world. at uber, we spend our days bridging the gap between physical and digital experiences, and adding value to people's everyday lives by creating transportation options and economic opportunities.
