Uber 608--Account-Marketing-Management-Executive-Ubereats--(Contract)---Hyderabad--India---Uber---Uber.Txt




the ubereats
account marketing management

executive
role is a ground floor opportunity to help build a brand new function for uber. uber has expanded our on-demand capabilities into food delivery in 100+ markets around the world, and that's just the beginning!

the
account management team
will be responsible for driving growth, happiness, and retention among our base of restaurant partners in a city. this role will work to develop uber's restaurant relationships while providing excellent data-driven consultation and support to a diverse portfolio of restaurants at scale.

as an account marketing management executive for ubereats, you will be responsible for working directly with our restaurants to enable their profitable growth and to help them improve the customer experience through promotions and marketing plans. you will work closely with the account manager for your city and with the marketing manager.

you will be data and insight driven with exceptional customer service and communication skills. this is a great opportunity to work in an exciting, fast growing start-up environment with a world class technology platform.
build meaningful, strong relationships with our restaurant partners by delivering 5-star, on-brand support and helpful insight.
manage and execute marketing and promotion deals for growing ubereats
analyse restaurant data to identify trends to help both restaurants and ubereats with their order sizes
devise ways to increase revenue from existing accounts.
execute on menu reviews, photography reviews and implementation of restaurant promotions (in partnership with marketing).
work with the restaurant operations team to deliver maximum value to our restaurant partners.

degree or equivalent academic qualifications (preferred)
marketing experience is a plus
you are an effective communicator with the ability to interact with customers and experience in customer facing role
you have retail, restaurant, sales or customer support experience
you can read and analyse data and have used excel
you have a passion for food, and have your pulse on your city's restaurant scene
you can quickly and efficiently troubleshoot problems
you are self-motivated and a great team player

