Uber 609--Customer-Service-Operations-Manager---Limerick---Limerick--Ireland---Uber---Uber.Txt

bout uber




at uber, providing excellent support that establishes trust for riders and driver partners-our community-is a core feature of our product experience. we invest in it and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the smartest, most efficient way. we're looking for a customer service operations manager to develop and lead support efforts in our limerick centre of excellence (coe). uber coes are contact management centers dedicated to providing world-class customer support to riders and drivers. uber relies on the coes to provide support for our community's toughest issues types, handle escalations from our tens of thousands of business processing outsourcing (bpo) agents, and provide an environment to pilot support for new products or test new support modalities or processes.

this will be a managerial role with a heavy focus on people management, data analytics, and continuous process improvement, so those interested should be excited to demonstrate those skills and be eager to lead.

be tasked with scaling support in an innovative way at a company that's growing rapidly and changing constantly.
proactively lead, motivate, and develop high performing teams within a time-sensitive and exciting environment to deliver on operational kpis.
set up career development plans, be responsible for managing team leads, and help develop them into talented people managers. you will be managing up to 5-7 team leads, who will each be managing up to 10-15 team members. these team members are at the forefront of our business, answering our community's questions and tending to their needs.
dive deep into the numbers and make data-driven decisions and process improvements.
be a passionate advocate for all riders and driver partners and answer any questions that come your way in an exciting, fast moving environment.
be a subject-matter expert (sme) on your team's processes and policies.
be responsible for identifying trends within your team's' performance as well as overall support trends.
drive continuous process improvement to deliver a consistent world-class experience.

you have experience leading and managing a large team. you understand how to motivate teams and people in an exciting and ambiguous environment. you put your team first and are their most passionate advocate.
exceptional communication skills. your communication style is flexible to the situation. from communicating updates to your team, to discussing metrics with key stakeholders, or presenting to leadership, you communicate clearly and with a purpose.
a love of process and optimization. you will be revolutionizing support for the uber community. you're excited about the opportunity to create and experiment with support processes, and are willing and able to lead others utilizing them.
a data-driven and analytical in mindset. you can look at any spreadsheet and know the right questions to ask to get to actionable outcomes, and you know how to explain data in a digestible way. you have excellent excel skills. bonus points if you have sql, coding, or programming experience.
incredible empathy and understanding of both riders and driver partners alike. you will be an excellent advocate for uber's users and are passionate about the community experience.
calm under pressure. you have exceptional organizational skills, integrity, and great follow-through on tasks.
natural curiosity. you love learning how things work and you're always looking for innovative improvements. you enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results.
a degree in business, economics, finance or any science-related field.
at least 3 years of work experience in a high-volume and productive service-industry or customer support environment, including at least 2 years of leading large teams.
prior professional experience with process optimization, systematic organization, program/project management.
demonstrated ability to lead effectively, set team goals, develop people to their highest levels of performance, and lead through challenging situations.
a willingness to work weekends and occasional holidays, in an operational 24/7 environment.
a willingness to get to work and address something in a hands-on way; you persevere when others fall away.
demonstrated data/analytics experience; excel proficiency.
exceptional writing and verbal communication skills.
experience in service-industry, customer support, manufacturing or distribution in a high-volume and fast-paced environment

