Uber 545--Business-&-Data-Analyst---Egypt---Egypt---Uber---Uber.Txt






our central operations teams are the heart and soul of uber. these are the teams that take our global product and localize it to an assigned market, while creating thousands of economic opportunities for drivers, and making transportation cheaper and more accessible for our riders. we are in the midst of incredible growth, which requires hard work. we are looking for individuals who are passionate about what they do and ready to roll up their sleeves to grow their city.

are you pumped about impacting the strategic direction and day to day decisions of uber in egypt? then this role is for you!. based out of cairo, you will drive the strategic decision making process through your heavily data-driven/analytical approach and operational mindset. the ideal candidate for this role should have exemplary analytical skills, excellent time-management and organizational habits, and the ability to clearly communicate and present information.


drive analysis on important strategic decisions in order to optimize the ph business
provides recommendations and actions for teammates that will further drive business to success
coordinate with other members of the uber team to measure the impact and efficiency of new products and business processes
develop analytical frameworks to support the company in new markets and products
identify operational weaknesses and help improve or innovate new processes to keep our local teams as efficient as possible
build, maintain, and communicate detailed reporting models to assist city-level, regional, and expansion efforts

2+ years of data science / business intelligence or related experience
exceptional excel / data management skills - many say they are great at excel, fewer truly are. ideal candidate brings some impressive know-how (and the understanding that there's always more to learn)
sql, python, r, coding experience is required
must have a passion for hacking things together in order to solve the hardest problems
strong communication and organization skills
hacker: gets things done by using existing tools or introducing new ones
strategic thinker: goes beyond today and thinks about tomorrow, using data to drive his/her decision-making
team player
balance attention to detail with swift execution - we need to do things quickly, and we need to do them well. balancing those can be challenging, and this should be a strength
explorer - the ability to self-serve, investigate and get the data we require will make you much more effective in this role. self-starter attitude is a must!
experience working in a high-growth analytics or operations experience a plus
