Uber 87--Community-Support-Representative---English-&-Portuguese-Speaking---Lisbon--Portugal---Uber---Uber.Txt




we invest in it and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the most compelling, most efficient way. community support representatives are all about helping and educating both riders and drivers. we help people resolve their issues and turn unhappy users into our most passionate evangelists. the right candidate is always looking for unique and exciting ways to resolve problems with exceptional support and exceptional communication, ensuring that problems are resolved promptly while developing trustworthy relationships with our community.



incredibly empathetic and understanding of users alike.
you will be a powerful advocate for uber's users and are obsessed with the community experience.
cool and calm under pressure.
you have superior organizational skills, integrity, and great follow-through on tasks.
naturally curious.
you love learning how things work and you're always looking for ways to innovate. you enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results.
word-savvy.
you're eloquent and able to strike the perfect tone, whether you're explaining a new policy to riders or drivers, explaining the importance of certain complicated metrics, or responding to support issues over email.
passionate.
you love uber. you are driven by helping others and being on the front-lines of a highly visible, fast-growing brand.
agile.
you can move quickly with care. you embrace change and can absorb new information with ease.


deliver high-quality service across multiple support platforms (email, chat, phone).
be a passionate advocate for users while answering any questions that come your way.
show empathy to frustrated users while solving problems and addressing unsatisfactory experiences.
build loyalty among new users and get our early adopters to fall in love with uber all over again.
triage issues and escalate them when necessary.

requirements
fluent in portuguese
good knowledge of english (written and spoken)
currently living in lisbon or willing to move
high proficiency using computers (typing, quickly navigating between various tools)
exceptional reading comprehension and writing skills. must be able to connect what users are asking for with answers to their true issues.
passion for helping others and creating support experiences that exceed users' expectations.
ability to troubleshoot problems and find speedy resolutions.
skilled at handling multiple issues at once to efficiently solve a large number of inquiries.
must work well in a team environment, contributing to a synergistic work environment where people learn from one another and continuously improve processes on behalf of users.
work time will be shift based totalling 40 hours per week.
weekend and weekly evening shifts are required.
night shifts may be required in the future
you're an uber evangelist — you care deeply about the product and getting others excited to use uber.


bachelor's degree or college experience preferred but not mandatory
support experience in a high-volume environment, including service industries, retail, hospitality or other support environments prefered but not mandatory
