Uber 153--Data-Scientist---Safety---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt





as a data scientist on the safety data science team you will have the opportunity to take on some of the hardest problems in all of uber: improving the safety of cities and people all over the world.  you will develop expertise and insights in a team that aims to make rare events even rarer.  it is an incredibly challenging, stimulating, and, most of all, rewarding endeavor.
this data scientist will be based at uber's hq in san francisco, and report to the sr. manager in charge of safety data science.  this is a critical and integral opportunity with uber.  this team has long and successful relationships with our machine learning platform, insurance, safety research, trust and risk, operations, all of our regional teams, and many other parts of uber.
master safety-related data, risk factors, and outcomes in high and low resolution, such as before, during, and after a trip, and at coarser aggregations or spans of time and geography
develop and lead statistical and machine learning efforts in relation to your projects.  our projects leverage machine learning, experimentation, signal processing, time series analysis, geospatial analysis, natural language processing, and more.  we'll give you as many challenges as you can tackle and help you grow to take on more
leverage large scale data processing such as spark, hive, and uber's proprietary machine learning platform, and more
work with sensor and telematics data such as gps and phone accelerometer & gyroscope data
conduct original analyses to inform and influence product, engineering, and operations efforts
we are hiring for all levels of expertise - whether you have 1 year or 20 years of experience, we have problems with the difficulty and scale that will challenge you
solid expertise and creativity in the application of machine learning and statistics
expertise with r or python
experience as a data scientist at a company with global operations is a big plus
previous experience in safety or risk a plus
demonstrable familiarity with code and programming concepts
experience with production systems or mobile signal processing are a plus
experience with systems like spark, hive, sql, or stream processing are a plus
great communication skills, organized, able to multitask and be a team player
balance attention to detail with swift execution
hunger and drive to learn complex topics
enthusiasm about uber and the riders, drivers and markets we serve!

