Uber 403--Strategic-Partner-Manager---Sena---Singapore--Singapore---Uber---Uber.Txt

employees are given uber credits every month.
the rare opportunity to change the way the world moves. we're not just another social web app, we're moving real people and assets and reinventing transportation and logistics globally.
smart, engaged co-workers.
ground floor opportunity with the team; shape the strategic direction of the company.

in just over five years, uber's proud to be delivering our service throughout 70 countries in over 500 different cities across the globe. but that's not enough - we're always driving new initiatives and new strategies to improve and enhance the uber experience for our riders and our driver partners. to do this, uber's focused on bringing unique experiences through growing our line of partnerships across multiple verticals. and we need the right type of business-savvy partner manager to help make this a reality. we're building a small and nimble global team that will be inspired by both innovation and strategy, and at our core it's always about building these key relationships.

read between the lines. you'll be working with deal makers and various teams such as product, marketing, operations, legal, finance etc. to drive contracts to closure, and then execute deals and manage these key strategic relationships to provide maximum value for both uber and its partners.
support the evolution of the long-term partnership vision by creating and playbooking new ways to add to existing partnerships and to kick off new product initiatives. you'll be making those not so obvious connections that drive innovative products and initiatives to grow our business
handle the big picture, and the tiny details. you're organized and always on top of your deadlines to ensure nothing gets missed. you also have an eye to the big picture and flourish by creating new ways to add to existing partnerships. you'll be making those not so obvious connections that drive innovative products and initiatives to grow our business.
bring your analytical a-game. you'll be building business models, performing analysis with business strategy and operations team to understand trends, provide actionable insights, and track productivity and success of initiatives to ensure we're driving toward the best possible outcome.
drive initiatives. you will drive and support key initiatives across our business teams to grow strategic and long term opportunities with our various partners. this involves wearing many hats and jumping in to help your teammates when the needs arise.
7 - 10 years of professional experience with a minimum of 2 years in partner/account management and/or business development.
proficiency in english required, secondary south-east asian language strongly preferred.
instinct for handling partners. you have a consistent track record of successfully handling complex partnerships that are strategically important and you've helped cultivate new initiatives from these relationships. you have a sixth sense when it comes to partnerships and can effortlessly navigate multiple partner engagements simultaneously.
high throughput. your strong bias towards action helped you earn the reputation of someone who gets things done. you love having a lot on your plate and get energy from being busy.
an intuition for people. you're spending the majority of the time working with various internal and external teams, building and really cultivating new relationships with potential and existing partners and within all parts of an organization.
the athlete's mentality. you're an all around player, flexing and stretching your analytical prowess, pitching in as needed but also knowing when to take control and lead a conversation be it with an engineer, a product manager, or a c-level executive.
product sense. you know what makes a product experience not just good, but amazing. you lead cross functional teams to create partner integrations that delight users and drive measurable impact.
international experience and a willingness to travel. you understand the challenges working in a fragmented market like the south east asia and north asia (sena) and how to scale a partnership across multiple regions. you are comfortable handling projects which span multiple markets and require working with several remote teams. you can relay the requirements of a region back to product and business teams sitting in hq.
hustle is your middle name. this team moves fast and always operates in new spaces. you pick up things fast and run with them. if you need a ton of hand holding, this isn't the job for you.
preferred
experience in technical program management or product management
experience working for a technology company
mba from a top university is a plus
