Uber 394--Brand-Manager---Strategy-&-Campaigns---Seoul--Ridesharing---Seoul--Korea--Republic-Of---Uber---Uber.Txt




do you want to be part of a team that's revolutionising transportation and logistics through technology? do you have strong product marketing experience across korea that can help further establish uber as the leading brand that is known creating jobs, increasing accessibility, and making transportation safer, faster, and more reliable?

we're looking for a brand manager to help bolster uber's brand presence and attract new riders and drivers through exciting and innovative marketing campaigns.  as part of our apac marketing strategy and campaigns team, you'll have the opportunity to shape and deliver on a strategy that builds talk-ability and broad usage of uber mobile among millions of consumers in the region. we're looking for a seasoned consumer marketing professional who is passionate about innovative campaigns and enjoys managing and growing relationships with the city and country teams working together on the next generation of uber's marketing campaigns.

the ideal candidate will have a strong ability to think strategically and analytically about business and product opportunities, and a demonstrated track record of consumer marketing leadership. a keen sense of ownership, speedy execution, and scrappiness/hustle is a must.

define and implement a framework to identify and prioritise strategies and campaigns across korea for both rider and driver marketing
be a key marketing leader and devise near and long-term strategies to grow uber across korea
drive actionable insights to inform product and marketing strategy (e.g. user and competitive research)
drive marketing strategy to achieve city business goals (e.g. set goals, define positioning, etc)
drive go to market strategy for new uber product campaigns and international launches (e.g. set investment, drive go to market plans, establish strategies, etc)
co-develop high impact local campaigns through innovative channels the with city teams
educate local teams on marketing strategy, campaign briefs and reports
minimum 5 years of relevant work experience with a proven track record of highly successful consumer product marketing leadership
a strong track record in consumer marketing with a mix of digital, offline and btl experience and proven creative excellence
ability to travel up to 50% of your time.
ability to develop strategy and business plans.
an ability to effectively provide input on creative development from a local market perspective without compromising on the speed of execution.
knowledge of the digital and mobile app landscape across korea
great communication and interpersonal skills to work effectively across multiple teams in an ambiguous, fast-changing environment
a great passion for consumers and consumer experiences, with a demonstrated ability to utilize consumer research and data to drive actionable insights to inform marketing strategy and improve the consumer experience
