Uber 357--Sr-Manager--People-Operations---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt





our people operations team is looking for an operations and process effectiveness expert to play a lead role in building the operations infrastructure that will help uber scale our people programs, systems, and processes. the incumbent will build and manage a team that is responsible for building or optimizing people processes (or deprecating legacy processes) in line with uber's organizational strategy. this is a great opportunity to partner with leaders from within and beyond the people team in shaping uber's employee experience.

shape all foundational people processes through the right balance of employee experience, efficiency and economics.
drive, measure and consult on process optimization and effectiveness through diverse strategies that may involve shared services, outsourcing, self-service, content curation, etc.
partner with the people leadership team as well as teams such as legal, compliance, finance, etc. to ensure that all people operations further the organizational strategy, while adhering to compliance standards.
partner with it to envision, plan, and prioritize technology solutions that will help drive next-generation people operations to provide a simple, scalable and seamless experience throughout the employee lifecycle.
lead, inspire and motivate direct and indirect team members to continually achieve higher levels of business impact; serve as a culture champion.
no less than 10 years of experience building and managing globally scaled operations, with a strong focus for continuous improvement.
consulting experience in business operations, hr operations, operations management, customer support or similar areas.
proven experience in managing large scale programs, through a combination of long term thinking and strong bias to action.
experience with employment regulations and/or compliance standards a plus.
resilient, self-aware professional with exposure to diverse experiences and a deep appreciation for diverse perspectives.
the people operations team is responsible for building and scaling the operations infrastructure upon which uber's people processes can scale, as the company marches towards an exciting future. we care deeply about ensuring the most effective experience for our employees and contingent workers, in alignment with the larger business and organizational strategy. our team is a mix of operations experts, project managers and hr generalists. our scope offers us the unique exposure to the entire people team ecosystem as well as a vast array of cross functional partners.
