Uber 239--Android-Engineer---Mobile-Accessibility---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt


we're changing the way people think about transportation. not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. now we're a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. whether it's a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it. for the people who drive with uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. for cities, we help strenghten local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.  and that's just what you're doing today.  we're thinking about the future, too. with teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we're in for the long haul. we're reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.

uber's mission is to provide transportation as reliable as running water everywhere, for everyone. as an accessibility engineer you will be part of our mobile platform team that works across all of uber to help fulfill this mission. your work will impact live riders, eaters, driver-partners, and operations teams across the globe. our teams span from the traditional ridesharing business to the new emerging products around ubereats, our own mapping technology, and self-driving cars.

in this role you will work help define the solutions to make uber accessible and translate our accessibility mission into our technology. you will also define and create platform and processes to support the rest of uber's engineers and our operations managers across the globe in their accessibility efforts.


#productplatform

#productplatform

build accessible, efficient, and reusable uis for uber's mobile apps
create tooling, infrastructure, and frameworks that enable engineers to build experiences that are accessible to users of all abilities
develop systems and patterns to prevent regressions and sustain a high bar of accessibility throughout the engineering organization
communicate, document, and evangelize best practices for creating accessible uis within uber engineering
participate in design and code reviews
work with end-users to help define what make our technology accessible
help define the future of accessibility for uber

at least 5 years experience as a software engineer
a passion for building accessibility into the fabric of the latest technologies
expertise in java or kotlin
good working understanding of the android platform
experience with developing complex software systems scaling to millions of users with production quality deployment, monitoring and reliability.
ability to decompose complex business problems and lead a team in solving them
a passion for products, empathy for users, and aspiration to make big impact

experience in developing accessible user interfaces following wcag 2.0
experience working with talkback features and ui automation testing
bs/ms/phd in computer science or a related field

