Uber 435--Program-Specialist---Customer-Support---Sao-Paulo--Brazil---Uber---Uber.Txt




at uber, providing amazing support that establishes trust for riders and driver partners—our community—is a core feature of our product experience. we invest in it and believe in providing the highest quality service implemented in the smartest, most efficient way. the global network team is committed to creating an efficient network that provides our community with a seamless, prompt, and complete resolution to their concerns - every time.
accurately planning customer service representative (csr) staffing needs to meet response time targets is a critical enabler to delivering an excellent support experience. the program specialist - wfm will work with the regional wfm manager to focus on operational excellence across our bpo network, turning data into business insights that will power our ability to scale and optimize our global support network.
collect various data points from several internal and external stakeholders, then direct vendors and internal teams to modify operations in line with your conclusions for the betterment of the business. your actions will have direct cost and quality implications.
facilitate analysis on global operations and strategic decisions to optimize processes  within uber's customer support network
coordinate with various stakeholders across the company to predict and measure the impact and efficiency of new products and business processes
create, maintain, and communicate detailed reporting models to assist global and regional operations managers

experience working in excel/google sheets. you will analyze data regarding weekly vendor performance and make operational decisions that will have a real impact on uber's support network.
excellent decision making skills and the ability to deal well with ambiguity
ability to work in a high volume, high stakes environment and consult on numerous operational projects simultaneously
excellent communication skills both written and verbal to consult and guide others to the best business decisions for the company
ability to influence others by using data and effective communication cadences

bonus points for
sql proficiency
workforce management experience
knowledge of programming languages to automate processes (e.g. python)
prior experience with workforce management software (e.g., nice, iex, aspect, etc.)
experience designing communication for internal stakeholders
