Uber 272--Marketing-Manager---Rio-De-Janeiro---Rio-De-Janeiro--Brazil---Uber---Uber.Txt






the marketing team is responsible for bringing uber's voice to the cities and celebrating them through each and every action.
develop, launch and track high-impact integrated campaigns across multiple channels specially offline campaigns/events;
coordinate efforts between internal and external channels for ongoing campaigns, partnerships and events, creating the storytelling behind the campaigns, partnerships and events and the value they bring to customers;
collaborate with various business units to conceptualise communication approaches and tactics in support of strategy;
collect feedback through multiple channels, including social media interactions, analyze and communicates to appropriate marketing and business leaders to improve the local strategy;
analyze and execute data-driven marketing strategies;
you deep-dive into operational and marketing metrics and better understand the different segments of our rider and driver base;
ensure a rapid pace of testing and that learnings are documented, shared, and rolled out;
playbooking. document everything.


language - excellent spoken and written english, mandatory portuguese proeficiency
speed, resourcefulness, and go-getter attitude - uber moves fast, and runs lean. you're excited to help create a product with value.
ownership - growth doesn't happen on its own - community managers make growth happen. passionate, self-driven and bold, they are deeply committed to making uber a success in their city, and rise to the occasion to resolve problems, big and small.
service orientation - as the voice of uber in your city, you'll use that voice to bring new users onboard, as well as to support and advocate for existing users. you need to be willing to find resolutions to rider issues early, late and often.
creativity - you'll be responsible for segmenting the users in your city, and for marketing effectively to those groups in creative ways. you need truly excellent writing skills (for writing excellent blog posts, emails, and tweets), and will continually generate unique but practical marketing ideas.


the rio de janeiro team is responsible for one of the biggest operations in uber globally.

