Uber 529--Uberrevved---Internship--Singapore---Singapore--Singapore---Uber---Uber.Txt




as a summer of 2018 uber intern, you will get the chance to learn how we're making cities safer, smarter, and more connected. with the opportunity to immerse yourself in projects with real world impact, your work will be visible and meaningful. from building solutions to increase driver-partner supply hours with city operations, or analysing data and metrics in order to revolutionize how we support our community with community operations, you will get to be an integral of our various teams based in singapore.
this is a 12-week summer internship program based in singapore.
applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis beginning in november 2017. team and project will be allocated based on your skill set and experience, with consideration for your preference.
the final application submission deadline is january 30th, 2018 at 11:59pm sgt, but applicants are strongly encouraged to apply before this date.

actively work on real world projects assigned at start of internship and hit critical milestones by end of internship
participate in events and learning sessions organized as part of the internship program


ability to work with cross functional teams in a collaborative environment
strong written and verbal communication
passion for singapore and solving complex problems
currently enrolled in university
graduating between december 2018 and june 2019
ability to commit to a full-time internship program from may 14, 2018 to august 3, 2018
authorization to work in singapore without visa sponsorship

bonus if

advanced technical abilities in using cloud applications, e.g. g suite for work
strong analytical skills, with the ability to manipulate data using google sheets and/or microsoft excel
you have worked/interned in a high-growth environment, in the technology sector or non-profit
overseas experience of more than a month in internships, exchange programs and/or projects


get ready to be apart of an awesome team, with access to coaches, mentors and senior business leaders. with endless possibilities, our interns get the opportunity to work across our many products and business functions. as the very first singapore internship program cohort, working closely with your peers and building strong relationships will be one of the many highlights for the summer of 2018. we are excited to have you join our organization that's taking steps everyday to change the world.
