Uber 142--Product-Marketing-Manager---Rider-Expansion---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt



if you join the uber product team, you'll work among passionate engineers, designers and product managers in a fast-paced, rapidly growing, hybrid technology/operations environment. we are highly user-centric and we deeply believe we can innovate our way out of any box. the role asks great technical depth, ethical thinking, well honed product judgment, a persevering refusal to settle, innovation, a high design standard and a mentality of starting with the user and working backwards.



as the lead product marketing manager for the seattle team, you will develop a team of pmms charged with envisioning and executing on a growth and go-to-market strategy for new products. you will develop a team that drives highly impactful growth programs to boost user acquisition, funnel conversion, user engagement, and lifetime value. you will work with each pmm to craft effective launch plans including messaging and pitch.

your performance will be measured by the growth the products in your purview, and your ability to collaborate closely with and enhance the productivity of a high-performing cross-functional team that includes counterparts in design, engineering, business development, and operations.

minimum 10 years combined product and growth marketing experience delivering highly successful growth, user acquisition and engagement strategies. ideally, you have experience with both b2c and b2b audiences.
communication skills: you can craft a compelling narrative across different channels - you know how to match the message to the medium
excellent data analysis skills: you get the data you need and can shape it into an insightful story. you know how to leverage data to make decisions and drive growth. you have experience running rigorous multivariate testing.
market research experience: you know your markets, customers and competition better than anyone, and you're excellent at integrating this information into your growth strategies.
a "driver" personality: you're biased toward action, a great collaborator and excellent disambiguator/simplifier. you never stop working towards clarity and delivery.
a test-and-learn mindset: you possess an ability to work with your team to run and iterate on highly effective automated email marketing campaigns.
excellence at articulating the essence of products and the value they create. you can develop a meaningful messaging hierarchy and effective content strategy plan. you can write copy if needed.
grittiness: you never hesitate to roll up your sleeves and take on something hands-on, and you persevere.
true passion for uber's mission and the company's hybrid technology / operations nature.
