Uber 41--Head-Of-Product---Payments-Growth---Amsterdam--Netherlands---Uber---Uber.Txt



uber is a technology company that is changing the way the world thinks about transportation. we are building technology people use
everyday
. whether it's heading home from work, getting a meal delivered from a favorite restaurant, or a way to earn extra income, uber is becoming part of the fabric of daily life.

we're making cities safer, smarter, and more connected. and we're doing it at a global scale-energizing local economies and bringing opportunity to millions of people around the world.

uber has already found strong product/market fit with its world-changing service. but it is absolutely day one for us. we're seeking a small group of unbelievably talented product leaders to define and execute against a giant vision that builds upon what uber has brought to the world so far.
you'll work among star engineers, designers and product managers in a fast-paced, rapidly growing, hybrid technology/operations environment. we are highly user-centric and we deeply believe we can innovate our way out of any box. the role demands great technical depth, principled thinking, well honed product judgment, a stubborn refusal to settle, bold innovation, a high design bar and a mentality of starting with the user and working backwards.

sound like you? read on...

as head of product for payments growth, you will envision and execute on a payments strategy that generates large-scale growth for uber globally. this includes all acquisition and engagement payment efforts across riders and driver-partners as well as building a scalable framework to seamlessly onboard new payment methods.

you will be responsible for multiple programs including overall metrics and business impact. you will hire and grow product managers into strong leaders and help your programs shape their objectives, kpis and roadmaps.

your performance is measured by the impact of the products you launch and by your ability to lead and inspire a high-performing cross-functional team that includes product, engineering, design, data, finance, business development, and operations.

10+ years experience leading product teams and delivering highly successful and innovative consumer internet products with your fingerprints all over them - you're extremely proud of what you've accomplished.
expertise in payments product management a plus.
the ability to set a high bar for your team and empower them to achieve great results
a “driver” personality - constantly pushing toward clarity and delivery while balancing the need for great collaboration.
grittiness. you never hesitate to roll up your sleeves and tackle something hands-on, you persevere when others fall away.
a computer science undergraduate degree or equivalent, preferably including hands-on software engineering experience. technical understanding must go from the highest abstractions down to the metal.
finger-tippiness with data: you just go get the data you need with no muss/fuss and can whip it into an insightful story with no help. you know how to leverage data to make decisions without getting stuck in analysis paralysis.
user-centricity - examples from your past of product challenges that you powered through because you were unwilling to make your problems your users' problems.
a high bar across the board - from your own contributions to the people you work with to the products you work on.
passion for uber's mission and the company's hybrid technology / operations nature.
a never-ending desire to grow and learn.
