Uber 534--Product-Designer---Internship_Co-Op-(Summer-2018)---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt





we're seeking talented and thoughtful design interns to help define and execute against a giant vision that builds upon what uber has brought to the world so far. if you have the right stuff to join the uber product design team as an intern, you'll work among best-in-class designers, product managers and design-oriented engineers in a fast-paced, rapidly growing, hybrid (technology/operations) environment.


you'll be embedded directly in one of uber's product teams, working on a project in close collaboration with other designers & researchers.
experience what it takes to design for millions of users – and hopefully teach us something too.
designers at uber live and breathe prototypes – and are always up-to-date on the latest and greatest prototyping tools. during your internship at uber, you'll test out your design ideas with all kinds of high-and-low fidelity prototypes. by the end of your internship, you'll be fully versed in the latest and greatest new tools and trends.
work alongside other members of a product team to get the fit and finish right. you'll experience release cycles and learn what details matter at each stage of the product development process.
present your work to the design team, and leave with valuable learnings and portfolio pieces.


must be actively enrolled in a design degree program, or a recent grad from a design program.
your growing portfolio has some stand-out work.
whether ui, ux, or both, you have at least one project that demonstrates this ability and the desire to create many more.
you're a walking encyclopedia of the latest apps and design trends (on mobile, web, desktop, etc), and have ideas and opinions on how to make many of them even better. you might have an eye for motion, or iconography, or ux system flows, or modern ui visuals, or design engineering and prototyping, or complex tool design, and more.


you're versed in design engineering, such as modern front end web development, code-based prototyping tools like framer, or scripting.
you're a motion whiz and can whip up designs in programs like after effects with ease.
you're an expert in a tool and can teach the team something new.


the product design team at uber comes up with creative solutions to tackle complex design problems—from driver onboarding flows, to how copy is crafted for the rider app, to self driving car ux design. our teammates have an incredible mix of design expertise across many design functions. above all, we believe in craftsmanship, and creating elegant, compelling, user centric designs.

all submissions will be reviewed and qualified candidates contacted in january 2018 for next steps.


please submit portfolio along with resume for consideration.

