Uber 24--Account-Representative--Uber-Eats---Warsaw--Poland---Uber---Uber.Txt





we are looking for a skilled individual to help us take our ubereats poland business to the next level. this individual has excellent communication and problem-solving skills,
a logical, process-driven mindset, and a hustler's attitude.

the account representative role at ubereats is a hands-on role responsible for driving growth, happiness, and retention among our base of restaurant partners. this role will focus on the growth of uber's restaurant relationships, while providing exceptional data-driven consultation to all areas of the business. you'll be expected to develop meaningful relationships with our top tier restaurants and provide proactive consulting to help restaurants be successful on ubereats.

this is truly an opportunity to work with a stellar operations team and gain invaluable experience at the ground floor of a fast growing, revolutionary tech organization.


coordinate the account management team: setting clear goals and guidelines for the account managers you are responsible for. you make sure the team is highly motivated and effective.
own relationships with top tier ubereats restaurants: developing, growing, and proactively supporting accounts.
act as the point of escalation for resolution of all restaurant issues.
utilize data-driven decision making to identify growth and upsell opportunities improving the performance of our growth efforts. prioritize initiatives based on highest potential impact for each side of our marketplace (couriers, eaters, and restaurant partners).
identifying, tracking and improving critical business metrics: using sound business thinking you create actionable plans to improve restaurant related metrics and ensure fast and precise execution of these plans
help scale the account management function: design processes, structure, and tools to effectively grow account management and bring learnings and best practices to all ubereats markets.
take initiative to ensure our business is effective, whether that's stepping up to help our onboarding team in getting new restaurants set up on the platform or cold calling restaurants during a new market launch to make sure they have all the tools to succeed


proficiency in english & polish
bachelor's degree, and a proven record (1-2 years experience) in account management
a pleasant, personable manner - people like working with you
the ability to thrive in a productive environment with well-defined goals, but ambiguity on how to get there
you are a logical thinker, who naturally looks to build efficient processes where there are none
excellent written, verbal communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to identify and provide comprehensive solutions for diverse customer needs at scale.
self-driven and a great team player
being coachable and being able to motivate yourself and others through challenges and opportunities, getting people around you (be it your team or restaurant partners) excited about your ideas
demonstrated time management and organizational skills with the ability to multi-task and prioritize based on the needs of the changing business of ubereats. self motivation is vital!
you are tech savvy
excel experience a plus
