Uber 522--Marketing-Project-Manager---Uber-Eats---Latam---Mexico-City--Mexico---Uber---Uber.Txt




we're looking for a program manager to lead marketing campaigns for a cross-functional marketing team. you will be responsible for end-to-end execution on large scale marketing campaigns, from strategic planning stages through creative implementation and analysis, across all channels.

from design to data, strategy to development, you need to love to get into the weeds with problems to figure out how to break down barriers and drastically increase output. documentation and creating fun, efficient, scalable systems are your thing. people love working with you because you make everyone's life easier and always know the status of every project.
last but not least, you love marketing. you agree that marketing is how uber tells its story and there is no better way to tell our story than through the lens of our millions of customers.

the right person will be comfortable in a fast-paced environment, able to operate and coordinate across multiple teams, and can thrive in a startup culture. this role is all about ensuring the executional success of our marketing campaigns, enabling the marketing team to grow the business as quickly as possible. if you are ready to work in a high-performance culture and take marketing to the next level, come join our team.

project manage various marketing campaigns and initiatives across cross-functional teams of crm, product ops, performance, creative & brand, researchers, and product marketers
work with various cross-functional stakeholders to gather, document, and share best practices, playbooks, and guides for scaling high-impact marketing initiatives
work closely with cross functional internal teams to build out plans for high visibility projects and programs by identifying requirements, dependencies and building work back schedules to manage to deadlines. look for connections to other projects and recommend simplification and integration points
estimate work efforts, define milestones and manage resources accordingly. track progress, understand dependencies, and communicate status to upper management and project stakeholders
raise awareness of upcoming initiatives to cross-functional and mega-regional stakeholders by organizing, maintaining, and circulating a calendar of milestones, campaigns, and product/feature launches
proactively work to remove obstacles and enable forward momentum and progress. manage issue escalations and provide support to teams balancing competing priorities
ability to balance team expectations, business needs, and resources to ensure correct prioritization of cross-functional work as a project evolves
establish world-class workflows and ensure that
learnings are documented, shared, and rolled out.

minimum of 5 years of experience in a consumer-facing software, agency or creative development environment,
but we will consider candidates with less experience if they meet our other requirements
professional profeciency in english and spanish
hands-on experience project managing an initiative from start to finish. achieves project goals while managing scope, time, quality and risk. learns from failures as well as successes
familiarity with creative process and an understanding of branding and user centered product design. enjoys working closely with researchers, writers, and designers
strong technical aptitude and an ability to understand technical designs, challenges and risks
excellent written and verbal communication skills
strong interpersonal skills and ability to influence and motivate people at all levels across a broad variety of job functions
excellent organizational skills to juggle many tasks without losing sight of the highest priority items
ability to understand complex concepts and work across multiple functions and teams
high degree of initiative to drive projects to completion
self-motivated and driven. ability to work well independently and within a group setting

uber is evolving the way the world moves, by seamlessly connecting riders to drivers through our apps, we make cities more accessible, opening up more possibilities for riders and more business for drivers. with uber eats we're building the next consumer business built on uber's platform. uber eats connects millions of hungry people to tens of thousands of incredible restaurants

