Uber 226--Design-Researcher---Internship_Co-Op-(Summer-2018)---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt





our ux research team is seeking summer 2018 research interns to help us develop innovative new products and services. the work is fascinating. you'll work among best-in-class design researchers, designers, product managers, and design-oriented engineers in a fast-paced, rapidly growing, hybrid (technology/operations) environment.



define quantitative and/or qualitative ux research questions in collaboration with designers, researchers, engineers and project managers.
examine existing insights and product designs to generate hypotheses and plan high-impact research.
prioritize and drive research to improve the user experience.
communicate findings to stakeholders on the team. make research findings convincing and actionable for both research experts and non-experts.


pursuing ms degree in human-computer interaction, information science, psychology, cognitive psychology, anthropology, or a related field or equivalent practical experience.
experience conducting qualitative and/or quantitative research ideally with at least one project to show you've worked in this domain.


pursuing a phd degree in human-computer interaction, information science, psychology, cognitive psychology, anthropology, or a related field.
relevant work experience with user experience or human-computer interaction teams.
track record of demonstrating excellent command of research methods that impact organizational or product decisions.


the ux research team works to drive product innovation and build empathy with our users. at uber we ship products on a global scale for a wide range of users and the ux research team is a central part of how we build reliable and delightful experiences. our team leverages a wide range of both qualitative and quantitative approaches to uncover insights and bring the voice of the user into product development.

all submissions will be reviewed and qualified candidates contacted in january 2018 for next steps.

