Uber 512--Engineering-Manager--Money---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt





uber is looking for an experienced engineering manager to lead a team within the c engineering org. as a money eng manager at uber, your team will have a direct impact on the movement of money in and out of the company. this means that riders and eaters will experience timely and accurate collections, and partners and restaurants will receive timely and accurate disbursements. we are a cutting edge payments engineering team empowered to further accelerate the incredible growth of uber through money-movement innovations. if that sounds awesome to you then you should join our team, whether or not you have any previous payments experience.

as a manager within money you will have a significant impact on the evolution of money's platform architecture and adoption across all lines of business at uber. you will work with your team to build systems that stress scalability, accuracy, robustness, and auditability. you will work with dozens of critical consumers all around the company to ensure that their requirements are captured and met at the platform level. the experience you will gain will be unique and unmatched.


experience as a technical leader and manager for at least 4+ years
experience going through the full software cycle of requirements, design, coding/testing, rollout/deploy best practices in delivering world class software and services.
strong people management skills including growing and mentoring your team members
experience evolving and presenting a strong vision/roadmap for your team
passion about your team's mission and the self-starting personality to make things happen
a track record of delivering results even when requirements are under-specified
solid programming skills in java, go, python, or similar.

experience with payments products and infrastructure
experience with streaming technologies like kafka, and distributed storage technologies like dynamodb and cassandra

uber's money engineering team in palo alto, ca, is a high-performing team with an excellent culture marked by respect, excellent design, and execution. we focus on the development of technology that supports uber's current businesses and accelerates uber's growth through payments innovation. our team is comprised of world-class developers and engineers with decades of experience and we're looking for exceptional engineers who can work quickly without sacrificing technical excellence.


