Uber 630--Product-Marketing-Manager---Driver-Growth---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt



as a product marketing manager on the driver growth team, you will be a true growth hacker. you'll bring new users to our platform by relentlessly digging into the data, ideating, testing, and optimizing. you will envision and execute go-to-market strategies for key features that eliminate barriers to onboarding, make it easy for our driver partners to start earning quickly, and/or break open new acquisition channels. you will partner with a high-performing cross-functional team, working side-by-side by with product management, engineering, data science, operations, and design to develop amazing experiences for our users and drive massive efficiencies for our business model.



passion for uber's mission and the company's hybrid technology / operations nature.
minimum 3-5 years combined product and growth marketing experience delivering highly successful growth, user acquisition and engagement strategies, with a focus on developer marketing.
finger-tippinesses with data: you just go get the data you need with no muss/fuss and can whip it into an insightful story with no help. you know how to leverage data to make decisions and drive growth. you have experience running rigorous multivariate testing.
top-notch at market research: you're a truth-seeking missile. you know your market, customers and competition better than anyone, and you're strong at integrating this information into your growth strategies.
master storyteller: you can craft a compelling narrative across different channels - you know how to match the message to the medium
scary-good at articulating the essence of products and the value they create. you can develop a strong messaging hierarchy and effective content strategy plan. you can also play copywriter.
an “owner” personality: you're biased toward action, a great collaborator and master disambiguator/simplifier. you never stop pushing towards clarity and delivery.
a master of test-and-learn growth hacking: you possess an uncanny ability to run and iterate on highly effective automated marketing campaigns.
grittiness: you never hesitate to roll up your sleeves and tackle something hands-on, you persevere when others fall away.
