Uber 241--Data-Science---Marketplace-Optimization---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt





are you interested in working at the intersection of applied quantitative research, engineering development, and data analytics? do you have interest in developing and applying quantitative solutions related to uber's problems? if so, then this is the job for you.

marketplace data scientists embed with uber's various marketplace related product and engineering initiatives to help them solve advanced quantitative issues in real-time systems. these fascinating and challenging problems include: building uber's dynamic pricing engine; identifying and predicting city specific traffic, travel, and demand patterns; optimizing the assignment process of matching/dispatching drivers to riders; and matching multiple riders to a driver for our uberpool product. marketplace data scientists have the opportunity to take on some of uber's most innovative and impactful problems relating to the operational execution and economic decisions of the business. however, with great opportunity comes great expectations - this isn't the job for everyone. we are looking for people with advanced quantitative degrees who are comfortable enough with research methodologies that they can pursue abstract business and engineering problems with acute precision, and who have the enthusiasm and initiative necessary to deliver those answers at uber's breakneck pace. you should have demonstrable programming skills (python experience is even better) and be comfortable with the engineering development process - you'll be working on engineering teams.

marketplace data scientists focus strongly on the mathematics and engineering related to
optimizing

the

economics

and

operations

of

uber's

marketplace
. therefore, particular preference is given to candidates with backgrounds in economics, econometrics, operations research, operations management, industrial engineering, statistics, or similar.
minimum 1 year practical data science or engineering work experience out of school, in the aforementioned domains'
strong quantitative background: ms or phd preferred.
familiarity with technical tools for analysis - python (with pandas, etc.), r, sql
programming chops - demonstrable familiarity (work experience, github account) with programming concepts. python skills and previous software engineering background a plus.
research mindst - ability to structure a project from idea to experimentation to prototype to implementation.
driven and focused self-starters, great communicators, amazing follow-through - you passionately pursue your work and love the responsibility of being individually empowered.
a preference for quality over quantity - you get the math right and aspire to build the right solution; you like a team that holds each other to a high bar.

