Uber 228--Social-Intelligence-Analyst---University-Grad---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt




social intelligence analyst

as a an analyst on the social intelligence team, it is your responsibility to elevate the consumer's voice to hq and regional teams around the world to position our business for success across marketing, product, partnerships and overall operations.

you have a strong desire to surface consumer conversation and put it into action. you come ready to elevate social intelligence reporting at uber and you understand user behavior and trends across social media platforms.

we are seeking candidates who would be available to start in january 2018.


work cross-functionally with teams at hq to develop consumer insights to help pre- and post rollout of campaigns, products and events.
work with marketing managers globally on social and digital listening utilization.
report on earned media analysis to the insights team on a regular basis to surface changes in conversation around our brand.
become a power user of social listening tools and gain experience working well with vendors and third party partners.
understand the current reporting process and work out ways to optimize and enhance regular campaign report deliverables
develop visualizations in excel, powerpoint and google slides to illustrate media data
share out reports utilizing advanced text analytics solutions and automated sentiment for earned and owned media.
analyze and interpret information from multiple data sources
partner across teams at uber to think outside the box on how social listening can help fuel business impact.


1-2 years of digital marketing, or social media experience
solid understanding of emerging advertising trends
eager to bridge the gap between social intelligence and traditional market research
excellent verbal, written, presentation, and interpersonal communication skills
strong organizational skills
evaluate and provide a pov on new and existing tools
exceptional data interpretation skills, with strong attention to detail, writing, and visual representation.
a proven ability to produce deliverables and field inbound requests in a timely manner


strong analytical skills for measuring/tracking success and kpis.
experience with brandwatch, and/or similar listening tools like crimson hexagon. facebook ads manager, facebook insights


the market and consumer research team shapes the marketing and business direction of uber by providing data-driven answers to the company's most important questions.  composed of researchers, data scientists, and engineers, our team makes an impact across uber by uncovering rich, deep insights that inform the marketing and creative process using brand, position, message, and segmentation research tools. our team is customer obsessed, action-oriented and sparks creativity. we produce the highest-quality insights while pioneering innovative research techniques.

collecting data, and interpreting trends and patterns from that data, is core to how we make decisions at uber. it's important that we not limit data analysis to owned metrics. we look to third parties to understand how the world is talking about our company across online media (news, blogs, forums, and social media) so that we can improve our campaigns, products, marketing and business operations.

