Uber 638--Program-Manager--Uber-Eats---Emea---Amsterdam--Netherlands---Uber---Uber.Txt




uber eats delivers the best of your city right when you want it. our curated menus feature dishes from the local spots you love and the ones you've always wanted to try. it's the same cashless payment as an uber ride. so just tap the app, get your food delivered right to your doorstep and enjoy!

with over 100 cities and 28 countries, uber eats has rapidly become a massive growth opportunity within uber. in emea, uber eats is already in 12 countries and 40+ cities and is looking to further expand its footprint in the region.
we're looking for an experienced program manager to manage small-scale initiatives and production requests, as well as leading end-to-end delivery of cross-functional marketing campaigns. with program management being a relatively new discipline in the emea region, you will be tasked with supporting the transition from an ad hoc marketing culture to a more integrated, scalable campaign model. experience working in a fast-paced environment is a must - you are a self-starter who is not afraid to roll up your sleeves and have a proven track record of delivering results even when faced with organisational ambiguity.

this is a detail-oriented, cross-functional role that requires resourcefulness, the ability to multi-task and excellent communication skills to continuously deliver first class results. pro-active planning, as well as strategic and pragmatic thinking, are core competencies for this program manager role. from design to data, engineering to development, you need to love to get into the weeds with problems to figure out how to break down barriers and drastically increase output. documentation and creating efficient, scalable workflows are your thing. last but not least, you are a passionate marketer with experience in planning and delivering cross-functional customer experiences at a global scale.
manage programs end-to-end, including clarifying business objectives, assessing and reviewing briefs, overseeing program/creative development, executing the program, and measuring impact across a variety of both broad-based and hyper-targeted programs
manage cross-functional efforts to develop marketing campaigns and establish consistent cross-channel narratives and key moments
drive program management cross-functionally, supporting teams across multiple orgs such as marketing, operations, analytics and local markets.
lead assessment of program efficacy and efficiency and incorporate changes to improve results and overall performance
manage and prioritise marketing requests from local markets with a view to identifying opportunities to scale and create greater efficiency across markets
lead quarterly roadmap planning in collaboration with central marketing teams, working across channels, regions and audiences
work closely with cross functional internal teams to build out plans for high visibility programs by identifying requirements, dependencies and milestones to manage successful end to end delivery
enhances scope of the central marketing team by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests; exploring opportunities to add value to the organisation
minimum of 5 + years experience as a program or marketing campaign manager in a consumer-facing software or creative development environment. / fast paced environment
hands-on experience managing end-to-end delivery of marketing programs
ability to drive initiatives at both a strategic and executional level
experience managing the creative process and an understanding of branding and user centered product design.
strong interpersonal skills and ability to influence and motivate people at all levels across a broad variety of job functions.
excellent organizational skills to juggle many tasks without losing sight of the highest priority items.
ability to understand complex concepts and work across multiple functions and teams.
self-motivated and driven. ability to work well independently and within a group setting
technical aptitude and an ability to understand technical designs, challenges and risks.
excellent written and verbal communication skills.
people management experience a plus!

