Uber 369--Greenlight-Manager---Indonesia---Jakarta--Indonesia---Uber---Uber.Txt





uber has found an excellent product-market fit with its world-changing service, but we're still inventing our business every day. we're seeking site managers to help develop a global network of in-person driver-partner support centers.

uber's driver-partners are our most important customers and we're creating a premier customer service experience for them. greenlight locations help new partners get on the road for the first time, create engagement with the platform over time, and provide a home base for the driver community.

the greenlight manager leads the day to day operations of a greenlight location. in this role, you will work to provide the best possible customer support for new and existing uber partners. you'll manage your team to resolve support issues efficiently and comprehensively; but your team will go far beyond solving issues. they will identify root causes, escalate pervasive problems, and systematically help make uber better as a whole.

most importantly, your staff will take pride in being the face of uber to our partners, and will treat every support interaction as an opportunity to develop a better connection between uber and the driver community.

you will work closely with the city general manager and senior operations managers to make sure your center is meeting their market's needs in terms of supply growth, onboarding, driver engagement, and any other local events or needs.
be responsible for the success metrics for customer slas, facility operational and financial performance.
drive performance improvements through process development and innovation
hire, train, manage, and develop gl coordinators
collect, analyze and report on performance data
ensure that the greenlight location space is well supplied and maintained
represent the global uber brand with best-in-class service and customer experience
regularly contribute to support projects, align with global/regional/country priorities

must have have a bachelor's degree with at least 3 years of relevant experience
retail or service team management experience highly preferred (e.g., in call center operations management, in-person service team management)
excellent verbal and written communication skills
literate in sql or excel or another data management tool preferred, but not required
previous experience with customer support or experience with zendesk is a nice bonus, but not required.
exposure to project management/process improvement in previous experience is preferred.

a passionate problem solver and people manager. you'll be overseeing gl coordinators who will be the face of uber for our driver-partners.
a self starter. you're ready for the self-governing that comes with building a new team within uber.
analytical. you can make sense of complex data sets to inform product or process decisions.
a team player. you're willing to find resolutions to customer issues early, late, and often.
poised and calm under pressure, you follow through on tasks and look for opportunities to step up to new opportunities.
process driven. you have superb organizational skills, and constantly look to rejig things to make them more efficient.
curious. you love learning how things work and you're always looking for ways to innovate. you enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results.
motivated. you understand the impact of a highly satisfied, excited group of users; you are determined to solve the difficult issues.
