Uber 158--Sr.-Product-Designer--Uber-For-Business---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt




uber for business is a small team with huge impact. we are responsible for creating the platform that lets large groups of people use uber services together.

our purview gives us the opportunity to collaborate across teams (rides, eats, pool, etc) and develop our own value add services (admin dashboard, business profiles, events, central, etc).

our record for aligning teams behind a strategic vision, and collaborating with them to deliver increased product usage, and progress towards that vision has rewarded us well.

teams enjoy working with us, and we were recently promoted to be our own "business unit." this means that we have a lot more autonomy over our vision, goals, roadmap, process, and headcount.

uber for business, provides a unique opportunity for smart and friendly folk, to be a part of a small 'startup' team within one of the most successful startups in history.

it's exciting to be a part of uber because our company is an exhilarating place, that surrounds you with brilliant people who are passionate about improving the world.

check out some of our work on https://www.uber.design/

top-notch craftsmanship: your portfolio has some amazing work. you're a walking encyclopedia of microinteractions in use (on mobile, web, desktop, etc), and have nuanced views on how to make many of them even better.
record of shipping great experiences: you've weathered release cycles and know what details matter at each stage, how to motivate engineers to get the fit and finish right, how to translate insights from user studies into meaningful action, and what's most likely to go afoul at each stage. you can share several shining examples of real work you've shipped, and what you learned along the way.
capability to step in as a part time pm: you're a product manager's secret weapon. you thrive best when helping to define the requirements, not just translating them into designs. you facilitate and draw the best design ideas from teammates.
attention to the bottom-line: analytics don't scare you, and you know which features can act as multipliers on your company's business model.
great skills of planning and prioritization that lets you be more flexible: you have a demonstrated ability to take large complex projects and create a clear timeline of tasks and deliverables in a way that leverages teammates, tests, and iterates.
cross-platform comfort: hopefully you've shipped something across several platforms. you know what translates from desktop and what doesn't, or why you'd opt for one solution for ios and another on android.

we're bringing uber to every major city in the world. we need your skills and passion to help make it happen!
