Uber 489--Technical-Security-Programs-Manager---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt

san francisco, ca or arlington, va
offices.

uber is evolving the way the world moves in cities. by seamlessly connecting riders to drivers through our apps, we make cities more accessible, opening up more possibilities for riders and more business for drivers.
the physical security team is dedicated to
protecting all things uber, with a major focus on our most important asset - our people.  the global programs team helps to drive this mission using a data driven and risk based approach to support our regional security managers, and design processes and guidelines to keep uber safe.

on the global programs team, the technical security programs manager is responsible for i
dentifying and implementing security solutions to support the physical security team. you will work on globally focused projects, and ensuring dependable, tailor solutions are in place to support the fast paced needs of the business.
the right person will thrive in an "all hands on deck" environment, loves finding solutions to people problems and can move quickly as a builder and do'er in a fast-paced culture.

this role has global impact and visibility, creating and implementing processes to support the needs of the business.
the successful candidate will be an organized thinker with a solid foundation in physical security principles and the ability to creatively problem solve with those skills.

develop and implement a strategy for the use of technology in a world-class physical security program based on a deep understanding of the needs of the business
assess and optimize all current physical security platforms, including cctv and access control systems
work closely with regional security managers and gsoc team to understand and address their needs with security technology solutions
actively participate in design and management of security installs and commissioning
build out a roadmap around security systems, upgrades, cost and planning.
identify opportunities to improve performance and reduce cost with security technology
develop security technology policies and standard for all regions
establish key metrics and reporting on security system performance and effectiveness

10+ years of experience managing security systems and technology on a global scale
5+ years of experience doing new build security design, and managing build out, installation, and commissioning
vast knowledge and hands on experience of different security technology and systems
ability to communicate on both technical and operational levels and bridge the gap between physical security team requests and technical implementation
ability to manage challenges and priorities in a constantly changing fast paced environment
enthusiasm for solving problems and implementing creative solutions
strong communications skills, total team player
being capable of fostering a culture of trust, honesty and integrity
travel required as needed to get things done
be comfortable with ambiguity and show flexibility in strategy
a passion for uber!!
