Uber 554--Business-Analyst---Workforce-Management---Amsterdam--Netherlands---Uber---Uber.Txt





at uber, providing amazing support that establishes trust for riders and driver partners—our community—is a core feature of our product experience. we invest in it and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the smartest, most efficient way. the global network team is committed to building an efficient network that provides our community with a seamless, prompt, and complete resolution to their concerns - every time.

in the emea region alone, we support 46 countries and 27 different languages, and we're still expanding! the business analyst - workforce analyst

will work with the emea workforce manager to focus on operational excellence across our bpo network. this is an opportunity to help build wfm process from the ground up, and dig deep into the fascinating and complex field of uber support.

superpumped.
you are passionate about uber and our mission, passionate about solutions, and love getting into the weeds on any and all issues.
data-driven and analytical.
we run our business on facts and data.  you are intellectually inquisitive and are capable. understanding queue theory is a plus.
naturally curious.
you love learning how things work and you're always looking for ways to innovate. you have the ability to self-serve, get the data and tell the story.
action-oriented.
you have a strong bias for action, and can effectively balance the tension between swift execution, high quality work product, and long-term strategic thinking.
hustle
. you are scrappy and have the ability to meet goals with limited time and resources.
excellent communicator
. you can distill complicated information into easy, understandable summaries to help keep our stakeholders in the loop and informed.


develop processes and build infrastructure for wfm operational excellence. this could be a range of tasks, such as reviewing vendor performance and signaling outliers, setting up a schedule adherence process to ensure efficient staffing, and applying seasonality trends to current forecasts to set our vendors up for success.
work with vendors to help flag operational challenges and find solutions within uber to help them succeed.
help keep key internal stakeholders informed of performance for their regions, and be the go-to poc for outsourced support for our operations/product partners.
perform modifications and enhancements on existing reports based on evolving business requirements.
investigate operational issues as needed and figure out scalable solutions, working cross-functionally with the appropriate teams.
additional experience and requirements:
preferred bachelor's degree in economics, business, engineering, or other quantitative focus. mba or graduate degree preferred.
experience in working with google sheets/excel
1+ years of working in customer service, investment banking, consulting, analytical or related experience; high-growth analytics or operations experience is a plus.
strong customer-centric focus with demonstrated success in problem solving, teamwork, adaptability, planning, decision making, and data analysis.
self-starter attitude is a must!
sql experience is preferred.
prior experience with workforce management software (e.g., nice, iex, aspect, etc.) is a strong plus.
