Uber 271--Hr-Business-Partner--Western-Europe---Paris--France---Uber---Uber.Txt


a true 'people first' organisation, we are investing in our people function by hiring a hr business partner to support our business operations in france & western europe.  you are effectively a consultant to leaders on business issues, and a coach to managers and employees.

the right person will thrive in an "all hands on deck" environment, loves solving people problems and can pivot quickly.  this role is all about crafting the people strategy of the operations organization, and enriching the support structure for management.  additionally, you will have the opportunity to help build out programs and processes from scratch.
you are...
natural leader.  you build relationships quickly. people look to you for direction and feel supported by you.
naturally curious. you're innovative, extremely creative and constantly looking for ways to improve upon things.
obsessive about all things people ops. you're respectful of the culture we've built and the work put in to get us this far.
fun. you're a charismatic people person who can talk to anyone; you're flexible, fearless, and excited about your part in our growth.
motivated. you understand the impact of a highly satisfied, excited crew; you are slightly obsessive-compulsive about grinding away at issues.
customer obsessed.
you'll be tasked with supporting our teams on the ground in addition to:
partner with your clients to roll out all key people processes (performance management, compensation, benefits, development programs, etc).
build / shape hr processes and connect the business with hr centers of expertise.
consult with managers and provide guidance and coaching when appropriate.
an expert in employment law and legislation, especially in france, plus internationally in multiple markets in europe
well versed in dealing with workers' counsels and able to communicate and influence in the right way
provide guidance and input on workforce planning, succession planning, compensation, benchmarking, etc.
identify training needs for business units and individual executive coaching needs.
maintain in depth knowledge of legal requirements related to day-to-day management of employees, reducing legal risks and ensuring regulatory compliance. partner with legal department as needed/required.

experience
a minimum of 8+ years of relevant hr experience in france plus international exposure
understanding of various employment laws and their impact on hr matters.
a track record of providing hr consultation to senior leadership on strategic initiatives.
demonstrated ability to partner within and outside of hr.
unquestioned integrity with assertiveness, presence, and confidence. excellent influencing skills at all levels in the organization and extreme flexibility to be proactive in a fast paced, ever changing environment. competence in making timely, effective, principles-based decisions.
tenacity and ability to build from scratch are imperative.
outstanding written and verbal communication skills; must be an articulate and persuasive communicator including excellent presentation skills; analytical and problem solving abilities.
bachelor's degree required;  master's degree preferred.
fluency in french and english, plus additional languages would be beneficial
please send your application in english for consideration
the rare opportunity to change the world such that everyone around you is using the product you built. we're not just another social web app, we're moving real people and assets and reinventing transportation and logistics globally
sharp, motivated co-workers in a fun office environment.
employees are well rewarded and showered with uber perks
