Uber 690--Learning-And-Development-Specialist--Emea-Greenlight---Amsterdam--Netherlands---Uber---Uber.Txt




uber's global greenlight program team is part of uber's global operations team. the greenlight program team implements strategy, planning, innovation, and business development for the company's global network of uber greenlight locations, our in-person locations that serve drivers.  these locations are one of the company's key growth channels for getting drivers on the road and keeping them engaged with uber. greenlight locations are staffed by experts (our in-person support specialists) as well as their leads and a location manager.

as the emea greenlight learning and development specialist, you will focus on developing and empowering the greenlight staff through world-class learning tools and trainings that scale. you will be responsible for the design, development, and execution of learning and development programs that equip greenlight staff with the tools they need to succeed in their role. ultimately, the training curriculum you design and develop will grow and strengthen uber's network of driver-partners by ensuring that their in-person experience is overwhelmingly positive.

this role gives you an opportunity to impact the direction of the entire organization by ensuring our relationships with driver partners are phenomenal. through highly influential learning and employee development, the uber workforce will set the gold standard for in-person support and customer service.

what you'll be doing:

design creative, effective, and scalable programs that develop and engage all levels of greenlight staff.
lead and participate in needs analysis to identify where training or other learning programs can help our expert staff deliver a better experience for driver partners or promote employee development.
manage projects, stakeholder communication, and training teams across emea
align training curriculum to greenlight business objectives; focus on building programs that assist our goal of getting more drivers on the road.
develop course materials for uber experts and greenlight leaders that support a variety of delivery types, including self-paced, elearning, webinar and instructor-led.
evaluate the effectiveness your training program and make modifications based on findings and feedback.
deliver learning programs to serve current and future needs of the business including customer experience, leadership development, and professional skills development.
work closely with learning professionals across throughout other regions to help build globally relevant training programs and learning experiences
assist in localizing content across emea
here are the kinds of skills we're looking for:

2-5 years of experience as an instructional designer or learning & development program manager
strong instructional design, curriculum development, and project management skills
some proficiency with online and elearning software such as articulate, captivate, or camtasia
advanced knowledge in productivity and collaboration tools (ex., google for work, apple iwork suite, and microsoft office)
experience crafting courses using a learning management system (lms) and/or similar platforms to house, deploy, and evaluate learning
familiarity with adult learning theories and methodologies (such as addie, sam, agile)
exceptional communication skills and the ability to synthesize and simplify complex topics and procedures
willingness for occasional travel
