Uber 179--People-Operations-Lead---Mexico-City--Mexico---Uber---Uber.Txt





as the people support team lead, you will be the functional lead for a team of  3 people operations generalists in brazil and mexico. the generalists are primarily responsible for supporting employees and managers with basic inquiries and implementing global and local hr processes and programs within their region or function.
lead and support a team of 3 people operations generalists responsible for the operations support behind the entire employee lifecycle - from offer letter through last day of work. continuously coach and develop the team to ensure goals are met.
connect with leads in the namer, latam, apac and emea to ensure global alignment on priorities and cross functional project and process improvements.
partner with hr business partners, legal, payroll and other functional teams to ensure a comprehensive employee-centric approach to hr processes and make sure we are supporting them in solving our toughest people problems.
identify operational weaknesses, help improve existing processes and develop new processes to keep the people support team scale with uber's growth
set a high bar for the team to think boldly, in scaleable, futureproof ways, then funnel that energy into concrete processes and execution plans.
partner with your region or function's hr business partner on larger projects and org changes.
provide hr support to the business, advising first-line and first-time managers on performance management, basic employee relations, policies, and other hr-related topics.

bachelor's degree, preferably in business / human resources
a minimum of 5 years of prior experience in hr support or service in a data driven organization is expected, but we will consider candidates with less experience if they meet our other requirements
a good understanding of hr processes and requirements and to be an exceptional project manager who is able to implement new projects, support employees and coach and grow your team all in a day's work.
analytical mindset
biased toward action and execution
natural curiosity
supportive leadership
exceptional communication skills and attention to detail
experience with workday and/or jira

uber's people support team provides hr support and guidance to managers and employees to ensure that our global employee population has a fantastic experience at uber, from onboarding onward. we're the center-point between the different functional areas, the jack-of-all-trades who know the answers to employee questions, and if not, how to connect people who do. based around the world, we improve people systems and processes, thinking globally and acting locally to ensure employees across uber can focus on the work they were hired to do.
