Uber 386--Reporting-&-Compliance-Senior-Manager--Apac---Singapore--Singapore---Uber---Uber.Txt





the reporting senior manager leads reporting and compliance requirements for the region.

the role is supported by a regional team and reports to the apac head of tax and reporting.  but it requires close collaboration with hq and other regional reporting and tax leads in order to drive the successful management of the global reporting function.

third party vendor relationships falls within the scope of responsibilities where the senior manager is expected to drive continued process improvements and efficiencies with the regional global reporting and compliance partner(s).
fully understand the requirements (and changes in) usgaap to stat conversion for all entities in the region and ensure that local statutory books are maintained correctly each month (or quarter as required per tier).
review and approve all monthly adjustments to us gaap ledger to be communicated to us gl team.
ensure all reporting and compliance requirements are fulfilled and deadlines are adhered to, including all registrations, statutory filings, tax returns and payments.  resolve issues before filings become overdue.  communicate with hq and key stakeholders to keep everyone current.
engage with our compliance partner to ensure the business, operating model and processes are understood in relation to local regulations and requirements.
work closely with statutory auditors to ensure statutory audits are planned and effected efficiently.
responsible for the global compliance partner relationship, ensuring that service levels and budget are maintained. negotiates changes to scope and service level agreements as required.
develop and document new ideas and processes to increase efficiency with external compliance partners.
lead monthly flux report and calls to hq for consolidation. responsible for regional flux report.
work with local gms to manage new country launches and ensure registrations and all reporting and compliance requirements are met.
lead the transformation of regional reporting processes to identify, implement and document improvements.
work closely with the regional tax team to support tax audits and other tax initiatives/projects.
manage, support and empower the apac reporting team members in their daily activities and careers in such a way that they are able to perform their tasks accurately, independently and ultimately reach their true potential.
stay abreast of regional reporting developments to ensure requirements, current process and reporting remains relevant.
bachelor's degree in accounting or finance and cpa / ca / equivalent qualification.
10+ years professional experience, with 2+ years relevant month-end close experience.
a strong understanding of fundamental accounting concepts, principles and tax.
ability to lead and manage a team/remote team, with a focus on professional development and coaching.
a team player with a proven ability to work independently and willingness to take on challenges.
strong communication skills and ability to communicate key information and status to stakeholders.
ability to interact with all departments and levels throughout our organization.
excellent project and time management skills, ability to prioritize and multitask.
experience with oracle r12 or another large scale erp is preferred.

our reporting team leads reporting and compliance requirements for the region.  this involves ensuring that all statutory and compliance obligations in apac are met with accuracy and adherence to deadlines.
