Uber 209--Technical-Recruiting-Lead-(New-York-City)---New-York-City--Ny---Uber---Uber.Txt




at uber we pride ourselves on the amazing team we've built. the driver behind all our growth, our bold and innovative brand, and the groundbreaking technology we bring to market is the people that make uber well, uber. delivering a first class, on-demand transportation experience takes a critical eye for quality, and we need recruiting leaders who have that same passion for their craft.

we are growing rapidly and need someone with resourcefulness and a go-getter attitude to help us continue to grow our engineering team.

you are comfortable taking initiative, love solving people problems and can thrive in a productive environment. this role is all about hiring experienced professionals, maintaining our culture as we grow, and running an efficient process to keep it moving.

if this sounds like you, we'd love to hear from you. we believe that people are one of the most important assets to uber and because of that we foster an environment that is welcoming to diverse perspectives.

adaptable - ability to partner with a wide variety of very senior level people including our top-level business leaders and seasoned professional candidates within the engineering organization
passionate about candidate experience
a big thinker - you've scaled an engineering organization and built/developed a growing recruiting team
able to use data to influence change.
focused on developing the team and peers.
implemented successful, yet not stalling, processes.
open and curious; you are excited to learn about what makes uber tick
action oriented and excited about calculated risk.

the ability to passionately cultivate results, think and act quickly, operate long-term and in the best interest of company goals.
the ability to build teams to support our long term strategy. this position will uphold high hiring standards continuously and drive process improvement to hire engineering team members faster.
be data driven and explore analytics to make decisions based on said data.
the ability to creatively drive results. we are a unique company and brand and thus need equally innovative strategies to hit our hiring goals. scalability and sustainability are key success metrics
