Uber 598--Midwest-Subregional-Marketing-Lead---Uber-Eats---Chicago--Il---Uber---Uber.Txt





we're looking for a seasoned marketing professional to bolster uber eats presence in the midwest. as an essential member of the midwest uber eats operations teams, you will own uber's marketing strategy to fuel the net growth of the courier and eater bases, connect audiences with the magic of the uber eats platform, and ensure that the uber brand is understood, trusted and loved. the right person will be comfortable taking initiative, loves solving problems and will thrive in a fast-paced and growing environment where cross-functional collaboration is paramount. they will also have proven experience managing a team and cross-functional stakeholders.
define and execute the marketing strategy for uber eats in the midwest region
align subregional resources to subregional priorities.
lead strategic thinking for marketing across midwest region (
driving okrs, thinking long term, competition)
manage stakeholders: gm and market needs, hq partners (paid marketing, crm, natl. comms, etc.)
build, grow and develop a world-class marketing team.
design, implement and track end-to-end acquisition, engagement, retention and brand marketing initiatives for the region across driver and rider audiences
champion user needs to appropriately position the uber proposition in your markets based on rigorous insights
launch innovative fully integrated marketing initiatives
set the true north for creative and branding excellence across the midwest
be the subregional general manager's trusted advisor on all facets of ubereats marketing strategy and plan/execute seamlessly in sync with product, operations, pr and policy teams at the local and regional level
at least 5 years of experience in marketing, operations or consulting firms
strong people management skills
ability to manage cross-functional stakeholders, including senior (gm-level) leaders
excellent analytical, communication and persuasion skills at executive level

the midwest sugregional marketing lead will work with the uber eats operations teams across the midwest region on impactful and strategic marketing initiatives. you'll lead a team of marketing managers and report directly into the subregional general manager of the midwest.
