Uber 264--Lifecycle-Marketing-Manager---Ubereats--Apacx---Singapore--Singapore---Uber---Uber.Txt



as a lifecycle marketing manager, you will develop and project manage the roll out of multi-channel communication strategies for uber customer segments, that optimize spend and maximize customer life stage migration. with the use of data to design the strategy for regional programs, you will get the opportunity to work closely with our in country marketing teams as well as other regional support functions.

own planning, deployment and business readiness processes for the crm campaign portfolio.
provide strategic input into crm campaigns, including customer segmentation/targeting, contact strategy, test plans, and rollout in collaboration with markets.
ensure a rapid pace of testing and that
communicate learnings through creating playbooks and rolling out new processes
work cross-functionally to implement best email, sms and mobile app best practices to maximize roi.
evolve the email, dm, and sms approach through breakthrough online initiative.
continuously test new targeting approaches to advance learning and results.
communicate customer insights, campaign results and crm roadmap to in country teams.


minimum of 5 years of experience in crm/direct marketing/database marketing, with a track record of delivering measurable results.
in-depth experience in crm strategy, contact strategy, test design, program measurement, analysis and crm system deployment.
experience with campaign management tools such as exacttarget or other esp's.
good understanding of crm databases, targeting models and customer segmentation.
strong project management skills to manage a wide range of programs
ability to proactively set the business direction and manage daily deliverables.
strong interpersonal skills and ability to motivate people at all levels across a broad variety of functions.
excellent oral and written communication
outstanding presentation skills at an executive level.
experience working within a geographically dispersed, multi-functional team


the regional customer relationship management team is responsible for the definition and implementation of automated tools and processes to deliver driver, rider and eater communication throughout their lifecycle.  through experimentation and collaboration our team pilots new mechanisms, produces campaigns, oversees cross-channel execution, tracks performance, creates data flows for campaign automation and provides input on global technology plans to ensure support of apac's needs.

