Uber 681--Head-Of-Vendor-Operations--North-America---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt





at uber, providing world-class customer support to riders and driver partners is a core feature of our product experience. delivering this caliber of support isn't easy - it takes leaders who can understand uber's operations, adapt to our constantly changing business, and help solve problems where no solution currently exists.

we're looking for an all-star business leader to grow and manage our business process outsourcing (bpo) contact center network supporting our riders and partners across north america. as the head of vendor management for north america, you will be responsible for defining site and vendor strategy, and managing contact center vendor relationships across the globe, including vendor governance, service delivery, contract administration, and risk mitigation and control. the right person is ready to make tough data-backed decisions in a high-stakes, high-speed environment. you are passionate about delivering wow customer experiences, passionate about solutions, and love getting in the weeds on any and all issues.

own all facets of effectively managing the business relationship with uber's customer support business process outsourcing partners (bpo's) and the daily activities of the help center.
develop and maintain strong working relationships with employees at every level in the company, as well as with the vendor to identify, analyze and solve problems.
support our solutions teams to drive contact center procurement activities including vendor strategy, business requirement scoping, location assessments, request for proposal administration, and pricing and contract negotiation.
analytically drive the metrics used to evaluate community operations, including speed, efficiency, quality, and thoroughness to meet performance objectives.
provide timely, in-depth and comprehensive forecasts, projections and data to the executive team.
demonstrate a management style that encourages participation and ownership, along with a continuous focus on action, customer satisfaction, support personnel satisfaction and financial management.
lead a geographically distributed team of service delivery managers.  coach, counsel, and develop team members to position them for advancement.
determined operational strategies, conduct needs assessments, performance reviews, capacity planning, and cost/benefit analyses; identify and evaluate state-of-the-art technologies.
ensure that riders and partners consistently receive high-quality, emotionally intelligent support, and build systems to deliver it with efficiency.


bachelor's degree and minimum 7 years of support center management experience
experience building and managing a high-performance team
ability to handle multiple priorities and to meet deadlines in stressful situations
strong technical and analytical aptitude
exceptional verbal/written communication skills
willingness to travel domestically and internationally 50% of the time


mba or graduate degree
copc registered coordinator certification


the head of vendor management, north america will be a part of the global support operations organization, which is responsible for growing and managing uber's global business process outsourcing (bpo) network and workforce management (wfm) function within the community operations organization.  the team ensures that our network is optimized to deliver world-class support experience to millions of customers through tens of thousands of customer service representatives (csrs) around the world.
