Uber 296--Head-Of-Public-Policy--Indonesia---Jakarta--Indonesia---Uber---Uber.Txt






at uber, policy roles are business critical and can have a real impact on our potential growth in each market. policy at uber is for people who are keen to have skin in the game on business decisions and are excited about being an advocate for change.

the reforms needed are relatively simple: the right for one citizen to drive another citizen across town so long as certain important consumer protections requirements are met. the idea is not all that radical. but in many cities outdated regulations are holding back progress-and in places where reform has been possible, entrenched interests often try to turn the clock back.

we are looking for someone to lead our government affairs & public policy efforts in indonesia reporting the director of public policy for asia pacific. uber has expanded rapidly in indonesia and currently operates in 34 indonesian cities.




establish uber's brand and profile with policy makers-including governments, third parties and academics
work to ensure that the regulatory framework in indonesia supports ridesharing apps like uber
partner with the government and third parties on innovative transport solutions
be an external advocate and represent the company at public and stakeholder events, and with the media when required
lead a smart, dynamic team based in jakarta



a self starter: uber is a company of entrepreneurs and we want to work with people who enjoy building things from the bottom up. situations changes fast in our world so you'll need to be highly adaptable as well as calm under pressure
a great advocate: we're looking to create new frameworks that encourage innovation and alternatives to individual car ownership. you'll need the intellectual rigor to grasp complex policy issues as well as the ability to articulate clearly and simply how apps like uber can help improve transportation for everyone
a gifted campaigner: we are changing the world in a way that is positive for the communities where we operate but change can be uncomfortable. you'll need to put together proactive campaigns involving passengers, drivers and third parties that demonstrate there's a better alternative to today's outdated status quo. that means having a bias for action in everything you do and a willingness to engage in debates
a team player: success at uber depends on the ability to organize different teams (internally and externally) around shared goals. it's why we're looking for well organized people who enjoy working with others to get things done and who can deal with the ambiguity that sometimes comes from working cross-functionally
ideally you would have at least 10 years of experience in government affairs and policy
fluency in english and bahasa indonesia



our public policy team is responsible for working with policy makers and third parties to make the positive case for change
