Uber 424--City-Operations-Manager---Berlin---Berlin--Germany---Uber---Uber.Txt






the operations manager role is a unique opportunity to have a direct impact on your country through the growth and optimization of the driver population on uber's platform. this role calls for a combination of savvy analytics, strategic thinking, strong execution and the interpersonal ability to work alongside a team of operations managers.

the operations manager will need to develop robust and streamlined processes to attract, convert, engage and retain partner-drivers facing a multitude of complex needs and bottlenecks. this requires a commitment to operational excellence, a deep understanding of driver lifecycle and economics, the capacity for out-of-the-box thinking to drive high quality top of funnel strategies and a customer centric mindset to implement high impact initiatives to develop partner-driver engagement. this role also calls for highly adaptable profiles that are keen to take on different issues and will demonstrate ability to push new initiatives, positively challenge the existing and make the role what they want it to be.

analytics. utilize data to understand marketplace dynamics, driver behavior or areas for improvement in our sign-up or incentive programs.
develop & optimize processes. take big picture ideas and break them into actionable steps.
product improvement. localize uber's product offering to driver-partners, take concepts from idea to execution and pro-actively search for new features that could improve the driver and rider experience.
partner relations. manage driver relationships, identify & take on problem areas for drivers, and continuously improve the driver experience on the uber platform.
speed, resourcefulness, and go getter attitude - uber is committed to constant improvement. you're excited to help create a product with value.



+2 years of experience of operations management, management consulting, investment banking, strategy work or related field in a large business, or of growing a startup
data-driven decision mentality and sound business judgment through strong analytical thinking
high adaptability to change and ability to execute quickly.
speed, resourcefulness, and go getter attitude - uber is committed to constant improvement. you're excited to help create a product with value
curious and eager to learn - you are interested in all things and can build up skills and knowledge very fast to become a recognized subject matter expert amongst your peers
high emotional iq – you deal with partners, influencers with no problem
flexible and forward thinking - we need someone sharp and eager to play with different models to help us scale
self-starter and collaborative leader. everywhere you go, you can't help but mobilize people, build things, resolve problems, get into the details, go above and beyond, and draw out the best in people. you are a doer and motivator of others
fluent in german and english.

