Uber 633--Data-Science:-Mapping-Tools---Palo-Alto--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt






do you dream of making magic with data that aren't just numbers floating in space, but are grounded in the reality of a road network? do you believe in the capacity of data to make ground transportation orders of magnitude more efficient than it is today? are you obsessed with driving efficiency through real-world experiments and applied optimization? do you dream of finding the perfect way to augment human judgment with computer-driven automation to process huge volumes of map data faster than ever before? then you should join our team and help change the way people traverse cities around the world!

we're looking for a data scientist to join our maps team in palo alto, ca, focusing on efficiency improvements. the successful candidate will apply their experience with a/b testing to evaluate proposed changes to policies and processes, ensuring the health of our systems and maximizing the overall business value of the program over time. they will also build mathematical models characterizing the tradeoffs inherent in the decisions made by our operations team, and provide visibility into “what if” scenarios to evaluate decisions with complex consequences.

work alongside engineering teams to design and analyze experiments.
build decision support systems to illustrate and optimize complex tradeoffs among diverse business metrics.
provide analysis using mathematical modeling tools to improve business processes and decisions.
define creative solutions to business problems using advanced mathematical algorithms
embed with engineering and partner closely with operations, business, and infrastructure groups.
work independently, as well as in collaboration with other data scientists.
communicate with senior management and cross-functional teams.
build and validate prototypes to demonstrate the benefits from proposed changes to decision systems and operational processes.


m.s. or ph.d. degree in computer science, statistics, or other quantitative discipline.
knowledge of underlying mathematical foundations of statistics and optimization.
ability to work effectively both independently and as a member of a small group.
experience driving research and development.
experience communicating with both technical and business people. ability to speak at a level appropriate for the audience.
ability to develop statistical analysis software in r or python.
experience designing a/b experiments.
experience applying discrete and/or stochastic optimization methods to business problems.
experience with other object-oriented programming languages (e.g. java, c++, c#) a plus.
experience with reporting-based software (e.g. shiny) a plus.
