Uber 636--Community-Operations-Manager---Ubereats---Ssa---Johannesburg--South-Africa---Uber---Uber.Txt




at uber, support is more than just answering questions. it's about using the information customers give us as insights to help ubereats grow. moreover, providing amazing support that establishes trust within our community — ubereats customers, delivery partners and restaurants — is at the centre of the ubereats customer experience. we're obsessed about providing the highest quality service, in the smartest way. and for uber to continue its growth and success, we need to be able to not only improve but also scale our fast-growing support operations.

we're looking for a community operations manager to build, operate, scale and improve community operations in iberia. this role comes with a heavy focus on solving problems through data analytics and leading teams to deliver stellar outcomes and continuous process improvement, advocating passionately on behalf of our community to influence the overall customer experience, and managing senior stakeholder relationships across the larger business to set the right expectations and deliver handsomely on them.

be the owner of our community support performance metrics in the region and help drive our growth by deep-diving into the numbers, performing analyses, providing insights and drawing actionable recommendations that increase the quality and the reactivity of our community service
project management: be a hustling multi-tasker, supporting projects across the region. you'll be the go to person for many key initiatives within community operations.
pilot and own new initiatives that transform our support operations and improve the level of service we provide in close collaboration with the operational team and general managers in the region
engage strategically with stakeholders, be it general managers or function leads to influence business goals and priorities, central global teams to improve internal tools and the overall user experience, or local teams.

proven experience: whether it be in a start up, bank, consultancy, or corporate, you are someone who loves driving change in a fast-paced environment (2+ years).
data-driven and analytical in mindset. you can look at any spreadsheet and know the right questions to ask to get to actionable outcomes, and you know how to explain data in a digestible way. bonus points if you have sql, coding, or programming experience.
naturally curious. you love learning how things work and you're always looking for ways to innovate. you enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results.
a problem solver. you embrace challenges, and would stop at nothing to create solutions—whether they're hacky, short-term workarounds, or more long-term process changes.
a lover of process and optimisation. you will be revolutionising support for the ubereats community. you're excited about the opportunity to create and experiment with support processes, and are willing and able to lead others in iterating and executing them.
a brilliant communicator. you're eloquent and able to strike the perfect tone, whether you're explaining a new policy to customers in writing, or explaining the recommendations of a data-driven study you conducted to global stakeholders through a video conference.
cool and calm under pressure. you have superior organizational skills, integrity, and great follow-through on tasks.
