Uber 309--Head-Of-Sales--Singapore---Ubereats---Singapore--Singapore---Uber---Uber.Txt




with ubereats, we're building uber's newest and fastest growing business, spanning 60 cities across all six continents in just over a year. today, ubereats is available in tokyo, taipei, hong kong, singapore, bangkok, sydney, perth, brisbane, adelaide, and melbourne -- and we're just getting started.
ubereats is seeking a head of sales to continue our growth in singapore - someone who does this with both short and long-term market goals in mind, ensuring the right people and processes are in place to get there. you'll work closely with general managers, sales operations, and marketing to define processes that scale and innovate ubereats sales from the ground up.
the head of sales, singapore is a people manager who will oversee a number of sales executives in the region, focusing on the following core responsibilities:
create a world class, in-country sales team: instill a culture of focus, integrity and results from the ground up in our account executives as we accelerate new business growth in singapore.
provide the foundation of account management: as we grow our customer base, develop the performance of managers, individuals, and teams that drive post-sale success and engagement.
collaborate closely with sales operations and city operations to identify, develop, and drive adoption of best practices for long-term growth across your region and others.
build and manage a successful sales team responsible for exceeding new business kpis and customer obsession across multiple cities and languages.
be a strategic thought partner to our regional leadership team as we develop and grow restaurant partnerships spanning local favorites, multi-city franchises, and global brands.
collaborate closely with sales operations to forecast, analyze, and identify opportunities for organizational improvement across our entire customer lifecycle
work closely with the head of sales, apac, to identify an in-country sales strategy that will enable ubereats to grow its presence in singapore
10+ years of experience in b2b companies with a track record of steadily increasing responsibility in sales or customer growth.
proven people manager and team builder with references
exceptional communication and organizational skills
no fear of radical candor
international experienced preferred
experience building and establishing sales teams in singapore
