Uber 632--Engineering-Manager--Maps---Palo-Alto--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt


uber is looking for an experienced engineering manager to lead a team within maps. as an uber ate manager, your teams shall have a direct impact on the innovation of cutting edge technologies.  do you dream about changing the world using your passion for engineering? then you should apply to join our team. we are ambitious, engaged and excited about disrupting the transportation industry across the world.


as a manager within maps you will have a significant impact on the evolution of map's architecture.the work you will do will be hugely impactful. the experience you will gain will be unique and unmatched.

experience as a technical leader and manager for at least 5+ years.
experience going through the full software cycle of requirements, design, coding/testing best practices and continuous integration in delivering world class software and services.
strong leader and people manager with experience in setting a strong vision/roadmap for your team with a track record of delivering results while growing/mentoring engineers on your team.
strong programming skills in either java, c++, python, or c#
experience with developing big-data processing pipelines over hadoop or similar technologies.
experience with machine learning/statistical inferencing technologies such as random forests, deep nets., bayesian nets, etc.

experience in mapping, computer vision, or computational geometry is a plus.
ph.d. in a quantitative field preferred but not required.

uber, advanced technologies, engineering is the palo alto, ca division of the uber engineering team: a high-performance culture marked by bold achievement. we focus on the development of key technologies that advance uber's mission of bringing safe, reliable transportation to everyone, everywhere. our work is primarily in the areas of mapping and sensing. our team is comprised of world-class developers and engineers with decades of experience and we're looking for exceptional engineers who can work faster and smarter without sacrificing technical excellence.

be sure to check out the
uber engineering blog
to learn more about the team.
