Uber 316--Global-Mobility-Manager-Emea---Amsterdam--Netherlands---Uber---Uber.Txt




a thriving mobility program is a critical element in retaining and developing the talent uber has already attracted.
we need someone passionate about all things mobility to develop
and progress the operational effectiveness of emea's global mobility program, as well as shape and execute the program's strategic vision and philosophy. we'll need you to have both strategic and hands-on experience, as well as a mix of entrepreneurial and large, high-growth company experience. this position is a great opportunity to provide vision and direction around strategic program development in a booming, constantly changing environment.


find innovative solutions to mobility problems not faced by other companies - we are a unique company and thus need equally innovative strategies to meet our mobility needs
develop our mobility teams to support our long term strategy
oversee general program management activities, with a specific focus on overall mobility service delivery
identify key mobility initiatives/priorities and leads team efforts to successfully deliver those initiatives
develops and executes the mobility program, policy and process improvements
supports emea payroll, stock administration and tax compliance process (reporting, timeline, communication, etc.) with outside tax vendor and uber's us and international payroll teams
dig into analytics to make decisions based on data


adaptable. you have an ability to collaborate with a wide variety of seasoned business leaders.

focused on coaching.  you are passionate about developing your team and peers.

naturally curious. you're innovative, extremely creative and constantly looking for ways to improve upon things.
fun. you're a charismatic people person who can talk to anyone; you're flexible, fearless, and excited to help build something awesome and share it with the world.
motivated. you understand the impact of a highly-satisfied, excited crew; you are slightly fixated about grinding away at issues.
teamplayer.  you understand the importance of collaboration and being part of a bigger team

8+ years of relevant experience in big 4 and/or tech industry
history of developing, mentoring, and managing a large, high-output mobility team
general technical knowledge of mobility tax, payroll, and equity considerations for globally mobile employees
passionate about customer/client success with a track record to prove it

motivated self-starter, able to thrive in a fast-paced environment with quickly changing business needs

creative and innovative
