Uber 496--Strategic-Partnerships-Manager--Fintech---San-Francisco---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt


this role is focused on effectively managing relationships and accelerating rider engagement through implementing initiatives with existing and new partners.
drive initiatives. lead the prioritization, planning, launch, and scaling of strategic partnerships that will drive rider engagement and drive uber's category position in the us and globally. this involves wearing many hats, leading internal and external cross-functional teams, and following through to achieve key partnership objectives.
bring your analytical a-game. you'll be measuring the performance of strategic initiatives, reporting kpis, evaluating effectiveness and trends, and providing actionable insights to internal constituents (product, marketing, ops) to drive towards best outcomes.
manage and scale current partnerships to deliver meaningful contribution to uber. expand next-phase impact of these long-term partners, support their evolution by creating and playbooking new ways to globally scale, and kick off new product initiatives (e.g. what's next after launch & validation in the us)
partner with city teams as necessary to activate partnership marketing and impactful campaigns
minimum 6 experience in (technical) program management or product management or management consulting, with at least 2 years of partner/account management or business development experience.
dynamically flex from earning trust and mapping out strategic objectives with senior-level execs to talking performance metrics with marketing, product, engineering, finance, and legal counterparts.
technical understanding and ability to communicate with engineers and product managers.
ability to think strategically and analyze needs of partners to both unlock opportunities and problem-solve creatively.
execution. you are a true operator with comfort running at high throughput, detailed follow through and clear, direct communication.
