Uber 274--City-Success-Marketing-Manager---Andean-Region-(Bogota)---Bogota--Colombia---Uber---Uber.Txt






uber is looking to further build out its performance marketing team in latam and is currently hiring for a strong performance marketer to manage a variety of campaigns across the andean region region. experience of managing campaigns in a regional level is a plus.
the ideal person for this role does not have to be an expert in each channel, but must have experience in a range of digital disciplines such as display, social, search, mobile, affiliates, seo and more. this is a wide-ranging role in an entrepreneurial business that is experiencing phenomenal growth. you will need to wear many hats at uber!

based in bogotá, the successful candidate will work as part of the regional growth marketing team.
support the growth marketing team by managing a variety of tactical campaigns, targeting both riders and driver partners.
localise activity to be relevant to our users
optimise existing campaigns and drive future performance through thoughtful testing
manage day to day relationships with relevant vendors and agencies
provide critical reporting to internal and external partners.
research and identify new channels to help uber grow even faster
provide effective management of business plans and forecasts
a/b test landing pages, messaging and multiple user experiences
identify, address and resolve ad operations issues that adversely affect campaigns in order to consistently increase our operational efficiency
contribute to other team projects and initiatives, remaining flexible and willing to contribute
+3 years of experience in digital marketing with demonstrable success.
experience of working across international territories
hands-on experience of digital channels such as display, social, search, mobile, affiliates and seo
strong analytical and troubleshooting skills with a passion for testing and optimising
deep experience working to performance marketing metrics such as cpa, cpc, cpm and ltv
ability to set goals and execute under tight deadlines
experience in/around a start-up or mobile culture a plus - i.e. you can adapt to quick changes within both the company and mobile industry
knowledge of south cone markets
an understanding of the nuances of both the demand and supply side of a marketplace also a plus

