Uber 331--Acquisition-Marketing-Manager---Seoul--Uber---Seoul--Korea--Republic-Of---Uber---Uber.Txt




a tenacity toward delivering an awesome experience for our users is critical to our improvement. we're looking for a growth marketing standout to help bolster uber's presence. this position is based in seoul; working closely with other regional teams.

the right person will be comfortable taking initiative, loves solving problems and can thrive in a fast and growing environment. this role is all about bringing uber to the public. are you an acquisitions marketing professional with knowledge of korea? read on...

work to rapidly grow the couriers and user bases of our cities in korea by:
defining quarterly acquisition growth goals to support the country business plan as set by the general manager.
launching, managing and optimizing new acquisition campaigns across all channels including digital, offline above the line and offline below the line.
closely monitoring, measuring and reporting on acquisition marketing budget and growth in the region.
prioritizing tests and initiatives resulting in the greatest returns for the company.
managing creative development and localization processes for the region.
work closely with our regional performance marketing team to ensure best practices are implemented and effective locally developed experiments circulated.
collaborate with our research, strategy and creative teams to ensure effectiveness across all channels.

at least 4 years experience in relevant field (media buying, acquisition marketing, mobile marketing).
highly data-centered, advanced excel skills and excellent data visualization skills.
history of demonstrating results via creative data-driven marketing campaigns.
excellent understanding of korea market and media landscape.
excellent project management skills.
ability to work closely and collaborate effectively with local and international leadership in an ever-changing environment with tight deadlines.
resourcefulness is essential, moving quickly and executing to allow for continual iteration is a core qualification of our team.
