Uber 415--Product-Designer--Seattle---Seattle--Wa---Uber---Uber.Txt



we are hiring product design roles in seattle to continue building a premier design team. uber has already found excellent product/market fit with its world-changing service, but it is absolutely day one for us. we're seeking a small group of unbelievably skilled and thoughtful designers to define and execute against a giant vision that builds upon what uber has brought to the world so far.
create service designs for global impact, digital and real life experiences.
contribute to defining the 'what' as well as the 'how': you're a product manager's secret weapon. you thrive best when helping to define the requirements, not just translating them into designs. you facilitate and draw the best design ideas from teammates.
cross-platform is your style: you've shipped something across several platforms. you know what translates from desktop and what doesn't, or why you'd opt for one solution for ios and another on android.
your design process is comprised of user research, data-driven insights and rigorous iteration which enables you to prioritize and execute with clearly and efficiently.
you strive for establishing elegant visual designs with thoughtful composition, especially when it's not expected.
you believe in craftsmanship and create elegant and compelling designs, over and over: your portfolio has some exceptional work. you're knowledgeable of microinteractions in use (on mobile, web, desktop, etc), and have nuanced views on how to make many of them even better.
you've shipped product: you've weathered release cycles and know what details matter at each stage, how to motivate engineers to get the fit and finish right, how to translate insights from user studies into meaningful action, and what's most likely to go afoul at each stage. you can share several shining examples of real work you've shipped, and what you learned along the way.
join the uber design team, you'll work among design oriented engineers, product managers and some of the best designers in a fast-paced, rapidly growing, hybrid (technology/operations) environment.

we are highly user-centric and we sincerely believe we can innovate our way out of any box. the role demands great execution, bold innovation, passion with quality, boldness and optimism to be inspired by the unknown and never settle, solving problems with creativity while keeping the user in mind and passion to take projects to the finish line.

check out some of our work on
https://www.uber.design/
