Uber 656--Business-Analyst--Apacx---Singapore--Singapore---Uber---Uber.Txt






passionate about high-growth startups and have strong analytical skills? are you a proven team player, strategic thinker, and executor? do you live and breathe to turn raw data into meaningful business information? then let's talk.

as a regional business analyst on uber's apacx analytics team, you will help drive the analysis behind company-wide decisions related to operations, process, and optimization. the ideal candidate for this role should have strong analytical skills, excellent time-management and organizational habits, and the ability to clearly communicate and present information.

drive analytics on region-spanning projects and important strategic decisions
coordinate with other members of the regional operations teams to measure the impact and efficiency of new products and business processes
develop analytical frameworks to support the company in new markets and products
identify operational weaknesses and help improve or innovate new processes to keep local teams as efficient as possible
build, maintain, and communicate detailed reporting models to assist city-level, regional, and global operations managers


ba/bs/masters in economics, business, engineering, or other quantitative focus
1-5 years of investment banking / consulting / analytical or related experience; high-growth analytics or operations experience a plus
strong communication and organization skills
team player
balance attention to detail with swift execution - we need to do things quickly, and we need to do them well. balancing those can be challenging, and this should be a strength
explorer - the ability to self-serve, investigate and get the data we require will make you much more effective in this role. self-starter attitude is a must!
exceptional excel / data management skills - many say they are great at excel, fewer truly are. ideal candidate brings some impressive know-how (and the understanding that there's always more to learn)
sql experience preferred

the apac analytics & insights team works with regional partners across functions to drive data-driven strategic and operational decision-making. we do this by developing high-impact tools and analyses as well as performing deep dives and quantitative research on different areas of the business.
the team ensures consistent analytical rigor and fosters synergy across business lines by being embedded within the transport, eats, marketing, strategy, and commops businesses.
