Uber 327--Recruiting-Manager--Philippines---Taguig-City--Philippines---Uber---Uber.Txt






as a recruiting manager for philippines, you will be the driver behind our growth and responsible for achieving our hiring needs within the country. this role will require strong partnership with our local leaders and close interactions with our regional leadership team. the role is supported by a regional recruiting team and will report to our head of recruiting apac who is based in singapore.


passionately drives results, think and act quickly, operate long-term and in the best interest of company objectives
develop the team and peers
building teams to support our long term strategy. this position will uphold a high hiring bar continuously and drive process improvement to hire talent faster.
partner with a wide variety of very senior level individuals including our top-level business leaders and seasoned professional candidates within the organization
utilise data and key metrics to influence change
implementing successful processes that help scale the business in the philippines

prior experience with rpo models and complex recruitment solutions
ability to demonstrate clear people leadership skills as well as the ability to create and drive a clear strategy
data driven mindset and digging into analytics to make decisions based on said data.
innovatively thought process to drive results. we are a unique company and brand and thus need equally innovative strategies to hit our hiring goals. scalability and sustainability are key success metrics
a big thinker - you've scaled any organisation & built/developed a growing recruiting team
natural curiosity; excited to learn about what makes uber tick

passionate about candidate experience
experience with any ats systems
tech savy and a strong ability to navigate with ease around our tools


at uber, we pride ourselves on the amazing team we've built. the driver behind all our growth, our bold and disruptive brand, and the game changing technology we bring to market is the people that make uber well, uber. our recruitment team identifies world class talent and facilitates a phenomenal recruiting process to hire the best people into our organisation.
