Uber 408--Product-Designer---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt




we are hiring at all levels to help us build a premier design team. uber has already found excellent product/market fit with its world-changing service. but it is absolutely day one for us. we're seeking a small group of unbelievably skilled and thoughtful designers to define and execute against a giant vision that builds upon what uber has brought to the world so far.

join the uber design team, you'll work among design oriented engineers, product managers and some of the best designers in a fast-paced, rapidly growing, hybrid (technology/operations) environment.

we are highly user-centric and we deeply believe we can innovate our way out of any box. the role demands great execution, bold innovation, passion with quality, boldness and optimism to be inspired by the unknown and never settle, solving problems with creativity while keeping the user in mind and passion to take projects to the finish line.

check out some of our work on https://www.uber.design/

you believe in craftsmanship and create elegant and compelling designs, over and over: your portfolio has some premier work. you're knowledgeable of microinteractions in use (on mobile, web, desktop, etc), and have nuanced views on how to make many of them even better.
you've shipped product: you've weathered release cycles and know what details matter at each stage, how to motivate engineers to get the fit and finish right, how to translate insights from user studies into meaningful action, and what's most likely to go afoul at each stage. you can share several shining examples of real work you've shipped, and what you learned along the way.
you meaningfully contribute to defining the 'what' as well as the 'how': you're a product manager's secret weapon. you thrive best when helping to define the requirements, not just translating them into designs. you facilitate and draw the best design ideas from teammates.
you can think and talk about the bottom line: analytics don't scare you, and you know which features can act as multipliers on your company's business model.
prototyping is a key part of your toolset: you've prototyped on multiple platforms. you've made last-minute tweaks between user studies. you know how to be speedy and resourceful, but dream of better prototyping tools.
cross-platform is your style: hopefully you've shipped something across several platforms. you know what translates from desktop and what doesn't, or why you'd opt for one solution for ios and another on android.
