Uber 614--General-Manager--Uber-Eats---Peru---Lima--Peru---Uber---Uber.Txt






uber everything is the division of uber that reliably delivers things faster and more affordably than going to get them yourself. this year we are launching uber eats in peru. we'll partner with hundreds of iconic restaurants to deliver the best of the city at uber speed.

as the general manager for uber everything, you will lead growth, operations, and expansion of the uber everything business in peru. we are looking for the rare combination of analytical aptitude, resourcefulness, people management, customer passion, optimistic leadership, and a passion for the business we will create together.

you will be joining uber everything at the inflection point. we are developing an incredible team, product, and operation that will shape the industry of last-mile logistics for years to come.

lead all peru operations for uber everything - operations, strategy, marketing, press, business development, expansion, and people development
oversee the uber eats p&l - revenue growth, user acquisition, driver acquisition, restaurant acquisition, and profitability
develop deep understanding of uber's technology and operations, and innovate the way we deploy that technology to create magical experiences for our partners and end-users
leverage digital and physical marketing channels to tell a story that captures the hearts and minds of our delivery partners, restaurant partners, merchant partners, and end-users
work closely with our product and engineering teams to drive product development
develop strategic partnerships, particularly with top-flight players in the food industry
rapid experimentation - innovate and iterate quickly, share learnings and best practices with your counterparts in other uber everything cities around the world


a minimum of 6 years of experience in business management is expected, but we will consider candidates with less experience if they meet our other requirements
(e.g., management consulting, private equity, investment banking, operations) in a fast-paced environment
mba preferred (but not required); undergraduate degree in a quantitative field (e.g., business, engineering, economics, etc.) or other comparable training
excellent business judgment, and a bias towards data-driven decision making
entrepreneurial spirit: drive, proactive, excited to innovate and resolve the toughest problems through new and exciting ideas
optimistic leadership: taking initiative to seize opportunities. roll up your sleeves and get into the details approach. recruit and develop future leaders for uber everything
passion for technology, innovation, food, and uber!


this person will report directly to the regional general manager for uber eats of central & south america, and will be responsible for the recruiting of the peru uber eats team, managing the following areas: operations, marketing, sales, account management and restaurant operations.

