Uber 46--Marketing-Campaigns-Intern---Paris--France---Uber---Uber.Txt





as marketing strategy & campaigns intern, you'll help lead the creation and execution of campaigns and initiatives that drive brand strength, fuel business growth and strengthen our connection with riders and drivers.

this internship role calls for a combination of writing skills, creativity and customer marketing and communication. the person in this internship role is comfortable in an "all hands on deck" environment, loves solving problems and is able to thrive in a startup culture.
project management - help define milestones and manage internal and external resources accordingly, including tracking progress, prioritizing, stakeholders management and communicating status across teams and key stakeholders
integrated campaigns - from ideation to execution you will contribute to the success of campaigns focused on engaging our users and general population.
data-driven decision making - design, apply and iterate your decisions by acting on data. prioritize initiatives based on the highest potential impact.
customer obsession - know our users, our partner drivers (existing and future ones) inside and out. deeply understand their habits and preferences. have a pulse on city specific trends. use these insights to build reputation.
first experience in marketing in roles that include combinations of the following: brand management, integrated marketing strategy and execution, production management (offline and online campaign, video production, etc.)
experience executing and managing multi-platform marketing campaigns including web, offline, social, in-app.
creativity: you're not afraid of big bold bets and have an eye for creative quality and great attention to detail
data-driven decision mentality and sound business judgment through analytical thinking. you use analytics to guide creative campaigns thinking, implementation and support arguments.
hustle. passion for the mission of our business and the impact it has on the cities we serve. you are a team player with no task too big or too small.

