Uber 328--Marketing-Associate---Thiruvananthapuram-(-Contract-)---Thiruvananthapuram--India---Uber---Uber.Txt





you'll be tasked with inspiring a growing user base to share the uber experience. you'll have great opportunities to develop & foster various skill sets:
find the transportation pulse of the city and identify new ways to get the uber experience in front of new users
develop complex brand and event partnerships
storyboard and execute innovative marketing campaigns and pop-ups
identify and engage with community and brand advocates
analyse marketing initiatives and measure roi
spread the uberlove through creating exciting blog & social web content
tame upset riders and turn them into passionate evangelists


2-4 years of experience in marketing, brand management
robust/active online presence and familiarity with social media (twitter, linkedin, facebook, wordpress, etc.).
solid writing background; experience blogging and/or editing (grammar buffs wanted).
exhibits the perfect mix of creativity and analytical ability.
influencer amongst friends and community.
a utility player. you're willing to find resolutions to rider issues early, late and often.
self-driven. you have superior organizational skills, integrity and great follow through on tasks. you don't get overwhelmed easily!
naturally curious. you're innovative, extremely creative, analytical and constantly looking for ways to improve upon things.
word savvy. you have exceptional writing skills and can craft everything from emails and blog posts to policies and summaries, easily adjusting your tone/voice accordingly.
graceful. you are self aware, well-spoken on the phone and eloquent in emails. you'll humbly be the voice of uber.
fun. you're a charismatic people person who can talk to anyone; you're flexible, fearless, and excited to help build something awesome and share it with the world.
motivated. you understand the impact of a highly-satisfied, excited crew of users; you are slightly obsessive-compulsive about grinding away at issues.
