Uber 437--Product-Manager---Security---Customer-Identity-Platform---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt





product manager, customer identity platform: partner with product and engineering leaders across the company to craft and execute the strategy to develop innovative customer identity technologies for all uber products, with focus on building a
unified, secure, extensible, reliable and scalable identity platform, securing customer accounts against attacks, and enabling internal product development, third-party application integrations and business partnerships.

internalize and deeply understand uber's mission and strategies, as well as the mission and objectives of your team.
distill vision and strategy for cross-functional team, and drive the team to define qualitative objectives, quantitative goals and metrics, and roadmaps.
your performance is measured by the impact of the products and services you launch and by your ability to lead a high-performing cross-functional team that includes product, security, engineering, design, data science, operations, and business development.
drive innovation, definition, deliverables planning, and design of entirely new identity and authentication solutions, challenging all members of cross-functional team to think boldly and creatively and then to funnel that energy into concrete products and platform technologies, as well as execution plans.
you are deeply truth-seeking and metrics driven, collecting whatever data is necessary to inform product direction.
monitor and measure launched products and services, and feed insights back into development process.
represent the team in communication across the company. you will be an external advocate and help put uber on the global map for innovation in customer identity.


minimum of 2 years of product management experience in

delivering highly successful and innovative technology platforms.

strong expertise in identity and access management.
strong experience developing and executing on product strategies and roadmaps, managing and prioritizing multiple projects, and delivering and integrating complex projects into larger system deliverables.
sound business judgment, ability to influence others, strong analytical thinking skills.
ability to formulate data-driven decisions that lead to results.
exceptional storyteller and communicator with the ability to articulate a clear vision that balances principled decision making, user empathy and data analysis.
ability to translate internal and external customer needs into engineering requirements.
relentless curiosity to learn and adapt to rapidly evolving research, development and industry knowledge .
ability to build strong cross-team collaboration and align teams around common goals.
a bold and optimistic personality: we're coming to work everyday challenging the status quo, and we're looking for people comfortable asking bold questions, along with the mental toughness to know we're just at the start of a long journey.
high standards across the board - from your own contributions to the people you work with to the products you work on.
ability to be a strong internal and external advocate for uber's customer identity agenda.
bachelor's degree or equivalent.


the customer security and privacy team strives to deliver seamless and consistent customer identity, authentication, and privacy experiences across all uber applications. we build scalable and extensible platforms, services and in-app features that empower users, protect user accounts, enable business, and adapt to global regulatory requirements. we are energized about transforming the way we protect customers and their data, building customer trust, and advancing the industry.
