Uber 649--Sr-Technical-Outbound-Sourcer---Advanced-Programs---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt


uber advanced programs is a culture of opportunities marked by rapid-growth and high-productivity. we focus on the development of key long-term technologies that advance uber's mission of bringing safe, reliable transportation to everyone, everywhere. we're developing next generation mapping, vehicle safety, and autonomy technologies.


you are...
self-driven. you have superior organizational skills, integrity and great follow through on tasks.
naturally curious. you're innovative,  extremely creative and constantly looking for ways to improve upon things.
obsessive about candidate experience. you are self aware, well-spoken on the phone and eloquent in emails. you're respectful of the candidate and the stressful process a job hunt can be.
fun. you're a charismatic people person who can talk to anyone; you're flexible, fearless, and excited to help build something awesome and share it with the world.
motivated. you understand the impact of a highly-satisfied, excited crew; you are slightly obsessive-compulsive about grinding away at issues.
a utility player. you're willing to help out wherever needed.
you'll be tasked with supporting our hiring managers, building world-class teams and partnering with our existing team.  you'll also:
source and hire top talent.
be knowledgeable about our business and why people should work here.
spread the uberlove through attending networking events, e-meetups, etc.
keep ‘em warm! manage the existing pipeline of candidates and identify what future opportunities they may be a fit for.
experience
minimum of 3 years of technical sourcing / recruiting experience - but will gladly consider those at a more experienced level.
prior experience sourcing software engineers, ideally on a consumer product team
both in-house and agency experience is preferred...experience working in-house at a start-up or tech company highly preferred.
degreed or equivalent work experience
technical savvy
