Uber 570--Line-Of-Support---Business-Analyst---Sao-Paulo--Brazil---Uber---Uber.Txt





passionate about high-growth startups and have excellent analytical skills? are you a demonstrated team player, strategic thinker, and executor? do you immerse yourself to turn raw data into meaningful business information? we look forward to meet you then!

the line of support researchers will take a data driven approach to informing decisions and process improvements critical to the benefit of our support organization within any given line of business. you will be first and foremost a strategist, using a deep knowledge of the product, a passion for agent success and excellent customer support, and problem-solving skills to inform policies and processes that are simultaneously the best for the business, the agent, and the customer. we look for someone that has thorough analytical skills, excellent time-management and organizational habits, a creative and problem solving mindset, and the ability to clearly communicate and present information.
nurture analysis on projects/experiments and use that to inform important strategic decisions improving the support experience for drivers and riders
coordinate with other members of the global community operations team to measure the impact and efficiency of new products and business processes
work closely with specific lines of business to provide insights that facilitate decisions around process, policy and service model
develop frameworks to support the company with new markets and products
identify operational weaknesses and help improve or initiate new processes
create, maintain, and communicate detailed reporting models to assist city-level, regional, and global operations managers

bachelor's degree in business/economics, stem (science, technology, engineering, mathematics) degrees or similar fields is preferable
sql fluency desired
skill with other programming languages such as r and/or python highly preferred.
experience working in a support environment highly preferred (contact management analytics, zendesk api familiarity, etc.)
ability to self-serve, investigate and get the data we require will make you much more effective in this role. self-starter attitude is a must!
experience presenting data visually
exceptional excel / data management skills - many say they are great at excel, few truly are. the person we are looking for will bring some impressive know-how (and the understanding that there's always more to learn)

