Uber 187--Sr-Manager--Recruiting-Insights-&-Data---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt


at uber, we pride ourselves on the amazing team we've built. the driver behind all our growth, our bold and disruptive brand, and the game changing technology we bring to market is the people that make uber well, uber. delivering a first class, on-demand transportation experience takes a critical eye for quality, and we want a sr manager focusing on recruiting insights, data, analytics and research who has the same critical eye.

our recruitment team must be able to find the diamonds in the rough, maintain quality and hire fast. we need someone who can help us strategically recruit the best talent in the world. successful candidates will be heavily data-driven, have expereince scaling teams and will know when to toss out those old methods in lieu of building new ones for further advancement. we move fast, we think quick and we need someone with an understanding of big data to help us build recruiting strategies for what's next!

you are...
self-driven. you have superior organizational skills, integrity and great follow through on tasks. you don't get overwhelmed easily.
passionate about data. you analyze data to arrive at optimal or near optimal solutions for complex decision problems. you think of ways to automate and iterate and how to use data to influence change.
naturally curious. you're innovative and creative in your problem-solving and you constantly search for ways to tweak and optimize process.
comfortable with people. you can make the leap from a number on a page to an actionable change for uber, and you know how to communicate that data insight to other teams.
knowledgeable. you can provide thought leadership on the complete cycle of talent analytics, from sourcing and interviewing candidates to managing attrition.
a utility player. you're willing to help out wherever needed, partnering with managers and the people department to solve problems.
biased towards action. you drive results in a big way and can get things done in a highly matrix'ed and relationship-based organization
innovative. we are a unique company and brand and thus need equally innovative strategies to hit our hiring goals. scalability and sustainability are key success metrics.

what you'll be tasked with...
building a recruiting business intelligence function at uber from the ground up.
conduct analyses of a variety of our data sets and translate those into reports and insights.
communicate findings and recommendations on critical initiatives and influence leaders to take action on those findings.
evaluate effectiveness of all hr and recruiting investments and programs
define and drive analysis which regularly and fundamentally alters vision of the team through deep and holistic understanding of recruiting channels and pipeline health
synthesizing large sets of data to create dashboards and reports to regularly communicate results and monitor key metrics

what you'll need...
graduate degrees in quantitative background preferred
minimum of 12+ years of experience
recruiting and/or recruiting management and/or sr. business leadership preferred
demonstrated success in data driven organization.
expert knowledge in sql, tableau, looker, and/or python.
subject matter expertise in recruiting operations, business intelligence, or people operations
experience with business systems (crm) preferred.
expertise standardizing, transforming, and using statistics to analyze and synthesize large data sets from multiple sources.
experience visualizing data and creating reports.
