Uber 368--Data-Scientist---Machine-Learning--Global-Intelligence---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt





are you interested in working at the intersection of growth hacking, applied machine learning, engineering, and advanced data analysis? do you have an interest in developing and applying quantitative scalable solutions related to uber's growth problems? if so, then this is the job for you.

machine learning data scientists on the global intelligence team work closely with product, engineers, marketing and operation teams to address major growth problems such as driver/rider preference, engagement and churn. you will take the lead on identifying patterns of driver/rider choices, developing the intelligent system to interact with uber's millions of drivers and riders.

we are looking for people with advanced quantitative degrees who are comfortable enough with research methodologies to address critical business and engineering problems, and who are enthusiastic about dealing with complicated structured/unstructured data. you should also have demonstrable programming skills and be comfortable with engineering development process.


at least 2 years of experience in research, data science, or engineering experience in creating and implementing optimization systems, machine learning models/algorithms, particularly around classification, ranking, segmentation, multivariate regression, pattern recognition, etc.
excellent programming skills - ability to prototype effective simple or complex algorithms and collaborate with engineering team to implement them in the production system.
excellent data skills - ability to extract complex data from various data systems and streamline the process.
superb quantitative background: phds preferred.
passionate and attentive self-starters, great communicators, amazing follow-through - you have a great work ethic and love being personally empowered.
a preference for growth hacking - you resolve the problems in the most efficient and effective ways.
