Uber 57--Data-Science-Manager---Customer-Obsession---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt




customer obsession
we are looking for an experienced, passionate data science manager to lead the customer obsession data science and data analytics team, a group responsible for ensuring every uber customer support experience is world-class. specifically, this team works to build self-service technology and process that's deeply integrated with the uber customer support experience, making it easy for our customers and customer support representatives to get to the right outcome, faster. they're also responsible for building the models and algorithms that help uber customers answer their own questions or, even better, avoid the need for a customer support experience at all.

what you'll be doing:
data scientists and data analysts are central to the customer support platform. we work cross-functionally with product, engineering and design to build the intelligence behind a wide variety of
different support channels
. for example, we develop contextual search, chat bots, and tools to aid customer service agents, e.g. classify support tickets using deep learning. in addition, data science and analytics works closely with product to define the team's roadmap.
here are the kinds of skills we're looking for:
a graduate degree or equivalent in applied statistics, computer science or a quantitative domain.
3+ years working experience delivering, scaling, and owning highly successful and innovative analytics and data science products.
excellent execution and organization. this team will be working with engineers and product leads at the forefront of the development cycle. to excel in this role, you should be comfortable executing with little oversight and be able to adapt to problems quickly.
3+ years experience as a frontline manager, leading teams of 5 or more. as manager, you have the opportunity to create, scale and nourish a team of experienced professionals.
experience with data science technologies like hadoop, hive, spark, and sql (postgres, hiveql, vertica sql).
demonstrable domain expertise in product metric identification, improving data quality, a/b testing, and experimentation design and execution.
an ability to connect the deep domain expertise of the researcher with the pragmatism and scrappiness of the entrepreneur - you're a true generalist.
great communication skills.
the ability to create structure from ambiguity. the opportunity for uber in the customer support is massive but nascent - we're looking for somebody interested in building a new foundation and scaling from there.
