Uber 208--Head-Of-Compliance---Uk-&-Ireland---London--United-Kingdom---Uber---Uber.Txt






this role has a critical significance managing the design, implementation and maintenance of the structures comprising the new uki compliance programme.
the head of compliance will lead cross-functional work to design, build and implement a fit for purpose compliance programme in the uk

implement expectations for effective governance framework elements, including manual, policies, standards, processes, systems, tools, training and communications.
coordinates the management of investigations across uk operations, project managing investigations across all appropriate functions. this could include triage, investigation process, output, reporting, communication and reporting.
hold an independent view of the significant compliance risks faced, where those risks could materialise and the appropriate responses to be applied.
conduct independent monitoring, reviews and investigations into regulatory compliance
training and education of other uber employees on compliance matters.
maintain current knowledge of private hire and other relevant laws and regulations, keeping abreast of projected and recent changes.
report to the board and provide guidance to senior management, board / committee staff, and employees on compliance.
monitor, and as necessary, coordinate compliance activities of other teams to remain abreast of the status of all compliance activities.
work with hrbps and others as appropriate to implement an effective compliance training programs for the business, including appropriate introductory training for new employees as well as ongoing training for all employees and managers as well
track and report current status of any breaches; compliance education, complaints, investigations, inquiries and other control metrics as required.
liaising with regulators both in london and across the uk to provide education and information materials on product and process changes, as well as holding relationships to satisfy that we are fully compliant with all our regulatory obligations.


substantial and demonstrable experience in a senior compliance role in a regulated industry (e.g. financial services, telecommunications).
ready to roll up your sleeves, dig in, and innovate on every single detail of the compliance process
strong negotiating, influencing and communication skills
clear understanding and absolute adherence to ethical principles, company values, business principles and policies.
superior oral and written communication skills with a strong detail and analytical skills and the ability to identify and explain complex compliance requirements
track record of collaborating with senior leaders and cross-functionally to help facilitate their role in ensuring the effectiveness of the ethics and compliance program.
managing complexity in a fast moving environment.
supports but also challenges for improvement.
personally accountable.
pragmatic, commercial, realistic and straightforward.
demonstrates expediency and adaptability.
direct experience and knowledge of change management and implementing


experience of building, enhancing and maintaining a compliance programme in a heavily regulated company
experience working in a fast paced company
substantial experience of compliance management and leadership, including people development, project management and change management.
significant, directly relevant professional experience in a compliance law firm or regulatory agency, relevant compliance, regulatory, legal, risk, auditing or internal controls work experience.
