Uber 544--Marketing-Intern-(Content-&-Campaigns)---Ubereats---Paris--France---Uber---Uber.Txt






the campaign marketing intern will join the marketing team to work on a wide variety of topics ranging from content (social media, blog, newsletter), partnerships & events, marketing campaigns and stunts execution. the ideal candidate has some marketing experience in marketing, is creative and able to craft impactful content and is excited to execute marketing campaigns to improve brand awareness and business metrics all across france.
build and manage content across the editorial cycle, including copywriting, execution, measurement, and reporting
help develop and execute on partnerships: work closely with the partnerships marketing manager to identify and sign strategic partnerships to grow the ubereats brand and build awareness in france — this could be a campaign with a well-known chef or restaurant, a partnership with a major food event in a city or a stunt with a major food or beverage brand
execute campaigns, partnerships or stunts from concept definition, content creation (either yourself or through an agency) and execution
analysis: quantify everything you do. utilize data-driven decision making to improve the performance of our marketing and promotion efforts. help drive our promotional strategy.
playbooking: document everything. the takeaways from ubereats today will pave the way for growth in markets around the world
a first internship in the marketing field is required
passion for social media - first experience of creating and leading content for large social presences is a plus
creativity and curiosity as you'll have the opportunity to influence our campaigns, partnerships and stunts
ability to project-manage and multitask at scale, working with cross functional groups and external third parties as required
great interpersonal skills to work effectively across multiple teams in a fast-changing environment
a foodie. we want people who are passionate about food and want to revolutionize the way great quality food is delivered in their own city.

ubereats launched in march 2016 in france and is now the most downloaded food delivery app with more than 1.5m downloads. we are now available in 15 cities, delivering from over 3,000 restaurants and growing quickly!
ubereats delivers the best of your city right when you want it. our curated menus feature dishes from the local spots you love and the ones you've always wanted to try. it's the same cashless payment as an uber ride. you just have to tap the app and get your food delivered right to your doorstep and enjoy

