Uber 390--Technology-Coordinator--San-Francisco---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt





primary role for the technology coordinator will be responsible for managing inbound request for changes and/or issues with places systems.  coordinate with technology systems product manager on all incoming asks; changes to existing systems, issues with existing systems, or new software requests.  this role will also provide ongoing project support for implementation of new places systems or changes to existing systems.this role will be based in san francisco and report to the technology systems product manager of pai and be part of our global places organization.
responsible for intake of all place team system related issues and change requests
responsible for informing team lead of priority system issues
respond effectively to general inquiries from internal and external clients/contacts and suppliers.
liaise with internal workplace team members to ensure systems are running efficiently
communicate and escalate system discrepancies, issues or concerns.
be able to aggregate system data to support team lead with project related presentation
undertake any other duties which may reasonably be deemed to come within the scope of the post.

5+ years experience with system related support
cafm system experience preferable along with data/facility reporting experience.
a good working knowledge of the google suite applications
experience in researching and documenting possible solutions to business needs
demonstrated problem solving aptitude, including working with others to quickly reach sustainable resolutions
you have an unstoppable intellectual curiosity, always asking: how? why not?
understanding of the firm's structure and workplace environment – willingness to learn and know the environment you are supporting.
quick learner who thrives in a dynamic and fast-paced collaborative environment

the pai team is responsible for developing the strategic, metrics-driven tools and innovations with the global places groups and providing strategic recommendations to drive critical business plans, processes, and initiatives. the pai team supports cross-functional initiatives for the places team and our internal business partners and stakeholders. the program management team supports process improvement via individual speciality focuses with the ability to collectively partner internally and externally on priority initiatives. workplace analytics supports ongoing reporting globally as well as variable projects and initiatives relative to portfolio data. the operations team is responsible for managing the 3rd-party vendor programs including establishing global and regional kpis, governance, and uniform reporting standards.
