Uber 517--Product-Manager---Cash-Payments---Amsterdam---Amsterdam--Netherlands---Uber---Uber.Txt





uber has already found strong product/market fit with its world-changing service. but it is absolutely day one for us. we're seeking a small group of unbelievably talented product leaders to define and execute against a giant vision that builds upon what uber has brought to the world so far.

you'll work among star engineers, designers and product managers in a fast-paced, rapidly growing, hybrid technology/operations environment. we are highly user-centric and we deeply believe we can innovate our way out of any box. the role demands great technical depth, principled thinking, well honed product judgment, an unrelenting refusal to settle, bold innovation, a high design bar and a mentality of starting with the user and working backwards.
sound like you? read on...




paying for uber in cash enables millions of people to use uber worldwide. as product manager on cash payments, you will envision and execute on a vision, strategy, and roadmap to make uber accessible everywhere by enabling frictionless cash payments globally. you will be responsible for overall metrics and business impact.

your performance is measured by the impact of the products you launch and by your ability to lead and inspire a high-performing cross-functional team that includes engineering, design, data, finance, business development, and operations.

qualifications and requirements

5+ years experience leading product teams and delivering highly successful and innovative consumer internet products with your fingerprints all over them - you're extremely proud of what you've accomplished.
expertise in payments product management a plus.
the ability to set a high bar for your team and empower them to achieve great results
a “driver” personality - constantly pushing toward clarity and delivery while balancing the need for great collaboration.
grittiness. you never hesitate to roll up your sleeves and tackle something hands-on, you persevere when others fall away.
a computer science undergraduate degree or equivalent, preferably including hands-on software engineering experience. technical understanding must go from the highest abstractions down to the metal.
finger-tippiness with data: you just go get the data you need with no muss/fuss and can whip it into an insightful story with no help. you know how to leverage data to make decisions without getting stuck in analysis paralysis.
user-centricity - examples from your past of product challenges that you powered through because you were unwilling to make your problems your users' problems.
a high bar across the board - from your own contributions to the people you work with to the products you work on.
passion for uber's mission and the company's hybrid technology / operations nature.
a never-ending desire to grow and learn.
