Uber 15--Learning-Manager--Lisbon---Lisbon--Portugal---Uber---Uber.Txt






at uber, thousands of people are engaged in providing world-class support to our community. we need to onboard hundreds more people each month and ensure that those we have hired continuously develop their skills, no matter the role.

to support that, we're looking for a learning manager to work alongside our center of excellence team to lead the internal learning program. this multifaceted role requires quick thinking and proficiency in building and executing, on detailed learning plans as well as an overall knack for interaction, in-person training and learning-quality analysis.

our community operations managers and community support teams are all about process efficiency, and as a learning manager, you would be ensuring that these teams are able to continuously provide world class support to everyone involved in the uber experience. this role is about building a solid foundation for our coe learning programs, scaling it beyond what is today, and pre-empting what it will need to be tomorrow.


you'll be tasked with the ownership of all learning in the center of excellence, improving the delivery and design of new hire-training curricula and leading and implementing a continuous learning strategy at a company that's growing fast and changing constantly. you're prepared to:
mentor and coordinate a team of trainers to create and develop a culture of learning and constant improvement
work cross functionally to improve community support representatives' (csrs) learning experience and knowledge of internal and external tools and products
facilitate learning programs to develop participants' competencies and help learners meet specified performance expectations
modify training programs, as necessary, to ensure consistency with uber culture and quality standards
collaborate with your site's leadership team regarding training needs, curriculum design, development, and delivery in order to create relevant solutions for the business
build ad hoc training curricula based on the center of excellence internal needs, such as learnings on technical knowledge or other specific areas of expertise to help agents develop their skillset
develop a continuous learning strategy and ensure that agents have regular upskilling and learning session to grow and develop in their role
monitor linkage between curriculum and improved learner job performance, coach participants back on the job, ensure that learning translates to performance, and conduct additional research prior to leading change initiatives
evaluate learning and use evaluation and feedback to upgrade learning and/or develop additional material
ensure learning schedules and calendars are administered and maintain participant records during training
be a passionate advocate for your global community operations organization by owning the learning development of their support team
be available to work on evenings and weekends, variable schedule(s) as necessary to meet demands of the business
wo you are

a people person.
you love developing teams and people to push the boundaries of what success looks like.
a trainer
. standing up in front of a group and explaining the inner workings of support at uber feels natural.
a self starter
. you're ready for the autonomy that comes with building a new process at uber.
analytical.
you can make sense of complex data sets to find root causes for training/learning issues, and can use this data to identify people who may need retraining or remediation.
a team player
. you aren't scared to collaborate across function or region to get the best possible outcome for your training.
process driven
. you have superior organizational skills, and constantly look to iterate on things to make them more efficient.
naturally curious
. you love learning how things work and you're always looking for ways to innovate. you enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results.
motivated
. you understand the impact of a highly satisfied, excited team of users.



bachelor's degree in business or relevant learning program
3-6 years of experience in high growth organization where you were tasked with using data to drive decisions; high growth, technology, learning management, learning strategy, business intelligence, management experience is a plus.
skill and understanding of curriculum & learning program development
self starter - the ability to self-serve and self-starter attitude are a must!
understanding of core learning principles : instructional design, blended learning, learning management systems and training facilitation.

