Uber 10--Freight-Software-Engineer---Internship-_-Co-Op---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt




uber freight

uber freight connects shippers with truckers, much like the way the uber connects riders and drivers. the uber freight team believes that empowering truck drivers will bring more open, efficient, and increasingly safer transportation to our roads.
we are a team of sharp, entrepreneurial individuals who are redefining the movement of goods around the world. we are currently looking for candidates to join our growing team who share our enthusiasm for tackling today's toughest challenges in transportation.
we're looking for experienced, passionate developers to work on our team. specifically, we organize our efforts into four cross-functional teams focused on the driver app experience, the operations experience, the shipper experience, and pricing and marketplace dynamics.


as a software engineer intern/co-op, you'll have a direct impact on the experience for trucker drivers, carriers and shippers. you will work on one of the fastest growing business lines at uber while working in an industry that powers much of the world's economy.  we are passionate, engaged and excited about cracking the code on mobility.


fast learner.
we're looking for software engineer interns/co-ops who thrive on learning new technologies.  you ask thoughtful questions to ensure you are solving the right problems.  you should be able to adapt easily to meet the needs of our massive growth and rapidly evolving business environment. you are comfortable with at least one scripting language (e.g. python or javascript) and have an eagerness to learn more: mysql, postgresql, redis, kafka, and elasticsearch.  you develop proficiency in coding standards, tools, estimation skills and best practices to build the foundation for future success
fearlessness.
you are bold, decisive, courageous, and results-oriented.  you challenge assumptions while being open-minded to seek out the best answers
versatility.
you are willing to work across tech stacks (front-end, back-end, mobile) and different teams to get results
ownership.
you feel ownership over everything you ship.  you proactively fix out of date code, happily debug, and provide timely code reviews.  you proactively communicate your progress to stakeholders and ensure timely project delivery
a team player.
you believe that you can achieve more on a team — that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. you do things that benefit your peers and seek to continuously improve. you solicit feedback from senior members of your team on code reviews and design documents, while providing constructive comments and relevant feedback
design and business acumen.
you understand requirements beyond the written word. whether you're working on an api used by other developers, an internal tool consumed by our operation teams, or a feature used by millions of customers, your attention to details leads to a delightful user experience

actively pursuing a bachelors, masters or phd in computer science, engineering or a related technical discipline with at least one remaining semester of school left after completion of the internship
demonstrated software engineering experience through previous internships, work experience, coding competitions, and/or publications

