Uber 96--Workplace-Program-Manager--Data-Scientist---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt






uber places data scientist will be responsible for all things data for our global places team; including but not limited to data management, data integrations, data cleansing, report building, data analysis, and data quality control. this role will be based in san francisco and report to the technology systems product manager of pai and be part of our global people & places organization.

professionalize our data to be able to point out single incorrect data points in a field with thousands of line items.
oversight of global places centralized data warehouse run within hadoop
manage data automation flows to/from third party sources for existing tools used within places department, and future roadmap tools.
liaise with internal workplace owners to ensure data collection procedures are in place.
manage the data collection procedures to include other internal department data (finance, hr, etc) that is relevant for building analytic systems
develop roadmap for continual data integrity improvements, whether process changes and/or systematic methods
solve for data mapping methodologies with key analytics stakeholders in workplace and business analytics.
communicate and escalate data discrepancies, issues or concerns.
work with unstructured data to set up a streamlined system to tableau (or other data visualization tools) to create dashboards that provide meaningful business intelligence to the business.
reconcile data to ensure data quality and consistency in support of reports to the business.
be able to create ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear and concise manner
instituting various miss and dashboards to measure real-estate portfolio kpis
support creation of automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance
support creating data tools that are relevant to fast growing start-up
contribute to quarterly business reviews and monthly rgm reports by producing tableau reports through communication with team
compare internal data to benchmarks and document associated information.

degree in stem from accredited institution (or relevant experience), preferable in real estate, finance, business, accounting, economics or related area.
previous experience working with data warehousing, data visualization tools, and programming
familiarity with technical tools for analysis - python, r, sql, hive, impala, etc.; previous software engineering background a plus
experience with big data tools and data warehousing, such as hadoop
experience with data visualization tools, such as tableau
proficiency in advanced excel and google sheets including vba
passionate and attentive self-starters, great communicators, amazing follow-through - you have a great work ethic and love the responsibility of being personally

the pai team is responsible for developing the strategic, metrics-driven tools and innovations with the global places groups and providing strategic recommendations to drive critical business plans, processes, and initiatives. the pai team supports cross-functional initiatives for the places team and our internal business partners and stakeholders. the program management team supports process improvement via individual speciality focuses with the ability to collectively partner internally and externally on priority initiatives. workplace analytics supports ongoing reporting globally as well as variable projects and initiatives relative to portfolio data. the operations team is responsible for managing the 3rd-party vendor programs including establishing global and regional kpis, governance, and uniform reporting standards.

