Uber 486--Head-Of-Operations--Engsec-(To-Ciso)---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt




uber's ciso is looking for a strong head of operations leader to partner closely with on information and security engineering strategy, operations, and program management.  this is an innovative team working with the latest in security technologies and standards.

partnering as a strategist, consultant, and implementer, the successful operations partner will ensure streamlined activities within the ciso's organization. the cos will be the extension of the ciso to help drive initiatives and improvements throughout the security engineering organization ensuring the long-term success seceng organization, uber, our partners, our customers, and our communities.

operationally optimize and leverage a set of teams of 120 and growing - taking out the whitespace, aligning teams, driving cross-functional okr's and kpi's, managing organization health and growth, and streamlining execution to maximize productivity across the board. you will align initiatives, facilitate cross-organization partnering, and manage key stakeholder relationships. this is a high impact, high visibility role for a technology and business hybrid passionate about, and experienced in, the technical security, risk, and threat management space.

our greater security organization is fortunate to have a strong business operations team as an internal partner assisting heavily with team hiring and budget work, so your role as
operations and strategy partner
will be more skewed toward security engineering expertise, leadership, and program management. career path for this role is chief of staff to elt.


act as an adviser to the ciso and senior management team.
assist the ciso in facilitating effective decision-making
help build out long-term seceng strategies and initiatives. coordinate the execution of strategic initiatives, implementing lean frameworks, processes, best practices,  and the means to measure success.
develop detailed program/project plans (including roadmaps, funding planning, capacity/resource planning and hiring goals).
program manage complex and large scale cross-team, cross-functional initiatives from definition to launch. interface with leaders in product, design, data science, operations, engineering managers, tech leads and/or engineers to do capacity planning, prioritization, estimate work efforts, define milestones and manage timelines. track progress, resolve dependencies, evaluate risks and communicate status to upper management and project stakeholders. engage and energize the project teams to achieve aggressive goals.
proactively remove obstacles to drive momentum and progress. identify communication gaps, manage issue escalations and provide support to teams balancing competing priorities. drive results proactively.
ensure all staff issues are addressed properly, efficiently and judiciously, and keep track of progress until fully resolved.
partner with the leadership and their extended teams to drive the communication and execution and continuity within the organization.
collaborate cross functionally with product, finance, legal, hr, compliance, trust & safety, and multiple engineering teams.
set a strong communicate cadence to manage through changes and fast-paced growth.


bscs or similar degree with at least 2 years of hands-on engineering.
extremely high ethical standards.
8+ years of relevant experience with some mix of engineering, technical product/program/project management, engineering team management, and/or chief of staff experience.
experience with a mix of application security, network security, risk management, compliance, threat assessment, access management, etc., and running security reviews.
experience with risk evaluation and management - good risk-related intuition.
deep knowledge of tech stacks, architectures, and technical security challenges and solutions in large scale, complex organizations. knowledge of how to design and optimize for minimal tech debt.
subject matter expert level research and presentation skills: the ciso presents to auditors, internal engineers and security teams, external meetups and conferences, partners, and clients and you will partner on the research, preparation, and share delivery where ciso title not required.
proven ability to understand business-impacting  issues, trends and perspectives.
proactive approach to identifying problems and issues across organizations and ability to recommend and/or develop programs and processes to resolve them.
the ability provide data-driven, strategic recommendations to all stakeholders and partner teams based on analysis, experience, technical acumen, and excellent judgment.
a lack of hesitation to address something in a hands-on way.
experience in high-growth environment.
exceptional communication and organization skills.
strong leadership and self-driven work style.
the ability to balance attention to detail with swift execution.
the ability to navigate through networks and create relationships with leadership and teams alike.
proven track record of effectively interacting with senior management and assessing top priorities and needs of the business.
proven ability to work strategically and collaboratively across departments, driving alignment.
propensity to thrive in, and build effective systems to navigate through, ambiguity.
effective, versatile, action and results-oriented.
not risk adverse - though thoughtful and thorough with risk management.


master's degree in computer science or business administration or related.
technical product management experience.
scrum master or experience.
