Uber 506--Director-Financial-Reporting-Emea---Amsterdam--Netherlands---Uber---Uber.Txt




the director financial reporting emea is responsible for the financial reporting for all subsidiaries in the region and for the oversight of statutory financials and compliance. this role will work closely with regional finance, tax, legal and business operations to provide decision support through timely internal and external reporting and analysis.
the ideal candidate will be strategic yet hands on, having experience in a similar role in  high growth multinational organizations consisting of multiple lines of business. this person is a seasoned leader, and developer of people, processes and technology.
the role reports to the vice president tax and accounting and requires close collaboration with hq and other regional reporting and tax teams in order to drive the successful management of the newly formed reporting function.  third party vendor relationship management falls within the scope of responsibilities where the director financial reporting is expected to drive continued process improvements and efficiencies with the regional global reporting and compliance partner(s).

lead the transformation of uber reporting processes to better produce, interpret and take appropriate action to improve results, trends, and financial reporting.
work closely with the fp&a and strategic finance teams in the planning, target-setting and delivery of the budget, strategic plan and quarterly review cycles.
manage cash flow by tracking transactions and regularly reviewing internal reports; ensure that all financial transactions are properly recorded, filed and reported.
fully understand the requirements of us gaap to ifrs and dutch gaap conversion and ensures that local books are maintained correctly each month, preparing and explaining us gaap to ifrs (and dutch gaap) reconciliation.  report adjustments required to us gaap books to hq gl team by day 25 each month.
perform monthly internal reporting including preparation of income statement, balance sheet, cash flow and flux analyses.
ensure all reporting and compliance deadlines for uber bv are adhered to, including all registrations, statutory filings, tax returns and payments.
work closely with statutory auditor to ensure the statutory audit is planned and effected efficiently. support the year-end group financial statement audit, as well as the statutory financial audit, and address additional follow-up questions/inquiries via internal or external auditors as they arise.
leads monthly flux report and calls to the hq and regional management.
collaborate with both internal and external audit teams to ensure proper compliance with all regulations.
provide corporate accounting guidance by conducting technical accounting research on various topics (e.g. share based compensation), perform analysis and review of deals and current operations acquisitions, integrations, alternative financing (e.g. finance leases / spv, equity injections), mergers, liquidations of entities, business valuations, ifrs, inventory, etc.
work closely with finops teams to improve upstream processes that impact the financial reporting, including ap, ar and payments.
work closely with regional and global tax teams.
support regional head of tax in ad hoc projects.

bachelor's degree in accounting or finance
15+ years professional experience, with 2+ years relevant month-end close experience
thorough knowledge of ifrs and working knowledge of us gaap and strong understanding of direct and indirect tax principles
team player, have ability to work independently and willingness to take on challenges
strong communication skills and ability to communicate key information and status to stakeholders.
ability to interact with all departments and levels throughout our organization
excellent project and time management skills, ability to prioritize and multitask
experience with oracle r12 or another large scale erp is preferred
cpa / ca / equivalent qualification preferred
