Uber 47--Greenlight-Coordinator---Riyadh---Riyadh--Saudi-Arabia---Uber---Uber.Txt





we're looking for a greenlight coordinator to support the day-to-day operations of local greenlight locations. we're looking for an experienced team player who operates with a customer-first mentality. in this role, you'll help to mentor  a team of experts on how to best build uber's relationship with driver-partners, support their operational needs, and guide day-to-day operations of the greenlight center. this is a great opportunity to work with a top-notch operations team and learn the uber business from the ground up.
support uber experts as a subject matter expert in your function on a per interaction basis
manager resourcing and training at greenlight hubs to drive partner experience and efficiency
handle escalations of more difficult interactions if and when required
train, coach, and guide uber experts to drive quality and efficiency metrics
improve processes on behalf of uber experts and partner-drivers
actively contribute to the center's evolution through project work
execute events and retail partnerships with an eye to drive excellence
bachelor's degree with 1+ years of relevant experience
customer service: you are obsessed with providing the highest quality of service and driving-up nps
leadership: you will need strong people skills to be able to influence partners and reinforce their commitment to drive on the uber platform. coach and lead a large team of highly enthusiastic uber experts to deliver uber's growth goals
process driven: you have superior organizational skills, and constantly look to rejig things to make them more efficient
analytical ability: we take an intensely data-driven approach to running our business. in order to efficiently manage any function at a partner support centre you'll be creating metrics to measure impact of your teams' face-to-face interactions and use our data to make the right, operational decisions
degree in engineering or a supply chain/operations discipline
proficiency with sql or other statistical languages
demonstrated background in solving complex customer problems
customer support team management experience strongly preferred
previous customer service experience is highly preferred
a problem solver. you're ready to tackle complex customer problems without hesitation
a mentor. you're able to guide and coach your team to improve performance effective.
independent. you're ready to manage an entire function at the uber support and activation center while balancing multiple priorities
analytical. you use metrics and data to guide and drive your decisions

