Uber 336--Senior-Reporting-Specialist--Apac---Singapore--Singapore---Uber---Uber.Txt





the senior reporting specialist, apac is responsible for reporting and compliance requirements for the region. the role is supported by a regional team and reports to the apac head of reporting and compliance.

manage assigned entities, responsible for end to end reporting and compliance from a local statutory and tax perspective.
support the apac head of reporting and compliance as well as the tax team to develop/review and implement policies, standards and guidelines relating to apac statutory laws.
work with hq and account managers to ensure the timely & accurate posting and reconciliation of the general ledger for each entity.
manage the gaap accounting to statutory accounting based on relevant local accounting standards on monthly/quarter basis.
provide data and work closely with tax team on the quarterly tax provisions.
recommend changes in systems and procedures to increase accuracy and efficiency.
work with the apac head of reporting and compliance to implement and monitor controls around financial close and reporting process, in compliance with corporate policies, sox, etc.
lead statutory and tax audits.
prepare financial statements and schedules.
maintain a project plan and calendar for all compliance deadlines in conjunction with our external compliance partners to ensure adherence to all statutory, tax, and other regulatory deadlines.
assist and interact with the external tax and accounting partners to ensure that local timelines are met.
participate / lead compliance calls with the regional team and work closely with the hq accounting and tax team to support all compliance activities.
engage with our compliance partner to ensure our business operating model and processes are understood in relation to local regulations and requirements.
work closely with the apac head of reporting and compliance to provide status on all compliance deadlines on a monthly or as needed basis to key stakeholders. communicate with key stakeholders to keep everyone updated on developments.
help manage service level with external statutory and tax compliance partners, develop new ideas and processes to increase efficiency.
work with apac head of reporting and compliance to monitor and manage compliance partners fees
act as a subject matter expert, and be the key contact for projects / initiatives affecting global financial close & reporting
degree in accounting/finance.
chartered accountant or cost accountant
4-7 years of reporting and compliance related experience.
experience with oracle r12 or another large scale erp.
knowledge of accounting and auditing principles and practices, including gaap and statutory accounting
excellent verbal and written communication skills
proficient in spreadsheet applications

our reporting team leads reporting and compliance requirements for the region.  this involves ensuring that all statutory and compliance obligations in apac are met with accuracy and adherence to deadlines.
