Uber 646--Executive-Assistant---Toronto--Canada---Uber---Uber.Txt





as we continue to grow our global presence, we are looking for amazing executive assistants to support our courageous senior leaders.

do you have the knack to anticipate the needs of the team and can effectively resolve admin and operational issues before they even arise? if so, see the day-to-day functions below and apply!

scheduling + calendar gatekeeping
reconciling monthly expenses
booking travel
assists with scheduling intro/onboarding meetings for newly hired subregional leadership
handling all logistics for subregional team summits, including mini summits for other under the subregional execs including; planning, hotel blocks, dinner reservations, swag, day of needs, etc.
poc for office related questions directed toward your execs
poc for high level summits happening in your local office. if summit is for a team that falls under your exec, assists with
assisting with onboarding new team members on their first day (specific duties varies by office)
poc for executive (elt) visitors
i-9 verification (via workday) for all new hires who fall under execs org within your local office
works with receptionist/facilities lead/food staff to order food large meetings or summits held in your office. may also need to meet food delivery and set up food in room depending on the office set up.
works with execs to order any type of gifts needed for office staff (ex. holiday gifts for office porters, major milestone gifts, etc.)
depending on office staff (facilities lead, receptionist etc. in your office) may tag-team greeting guests/vendors when needed
sends emails to office regarding any non-facilities related company updates or updates coming from exec. (ex. fun and morale budget, office closing, travel and expense update, event logistic
s, office etiquette etc.)
may assists with conference room issues (on the back end).
handle logistics of guest speakers visits
team and office-wide staff events including: holiday parties, wellness week, happy hours, take-your-kid-to-work-day, annual staff retreats, smaller team events, dinners, etc.


ba / bs degree or equivalent work experience.
3-5 years of senior team level support experience.
attention to detail. being right the first time matters a lot to us.
strong communication skills and ability to interact with internal and external partners.
work well in a rapidly changing environment.
extraordinary organizational skills and great follow through on tasks.
be a problem solver at heart with a genuine interest in learning by helping.
hustle. the company depends on us to deliver quickly, across time zones, in multiple languages, and from locations all over the world. we need somebody not to keep the trains running on time, but to speed them up.
attitude. we work awfully hard and we're having fun doing it. this team believes what we're doing is changing the world for the better, and we play to win.
an interest in and passion for uber.


our administrative partners are the glue that keeps our functional teams together and the driving strength that keeps uber moving.
