Uber 484--Manager---Strategy-&-Planning---Atg---Pittsburgh--Pa---Uber---Uber.Txt





we're seeking a small group of unbelievably talented and enthusiastic visionaries shape the autonomous development and the future of transportation. as a part of the strategy and planning team you will work across engineering, operations, finance, policy, and business development to develop and lead strategic initiatives that align individual teams and shape the long term vision of uber atg.
to be successful, you will need to bring strong leadership, communication, vision, and analytical skills, with an ability thrive in a dynamic fast-paced environment
ideal candidates have a diverse set of general business skills and judgement, in addition to a depth of specific domain knowledge in one or more strategic focus areas:
self driving technology
self driving policy
taas / ride sharing
automotive industry
domestic & global transportation
business operations
operations research
product planning
a deep background and confirmed (5+ yr) track record in technology, strategy, and business leadership.
extraordinary leadership, team building, and communication skills.
experienced analysis - approaches problem solving from first principles and combines the best of qualitative and quantitative decision making in an analytical framework.
expert decision maker - you know when to make decisions quickly with limited information, when to go deep, and can combine both approaches to avoid analysis paralysis while maintaining good decision making.
actionable vision - generates and communicates a compelling long term vision of the future, and also has the ability to connect the present to the future in actionable plans.
master disambiguator/simplifier - constantly pushing toward transparency and delivery.
confident truth seeker- isn't afraid to find and fight for the truth even under significant pressure. challenges assumptions, learns quickly, and adapts continuously. doesn't care where the truth comes from - not invented here is not a thing
exceptional teammate - excellent collaborator who measures their own success largely in terms of their team's success
bar raiser - you maintain a high bar across the board, from your own contributions, to the people you work with, to the products you work on
grittiness - you never hesitate to roll up your sleeves and pursue something hands-on, you persevere when others fall away
true passion for uber's mission
a never-ending desire to grow and learn


at the advanced technologies group (atg), we are building technologies that will transform the way the world moves. our teams in pittsburgh, san francisco, phoenix, and toronto are dedicated to mapping, software and hardware development, vehicle safety, and operations for self-driving technology. our teams are passionate about developing a self-driving system that will one day move people and things around more safely, efficiently, and cost effectively.

this is a ground-zero opportunity to usher in a fundamental shift in transportation and technology, to solve really hard problems, and to experience explosive professional growth with the smartest minds in the industry. we hope you're as excited about it as we are.
