Uber 246--Creative-Art-Director---Emea---Amsterdam--Netherlands---Uber---Uber.Txt




we are looking for art directors with creative flair who can lead projects from concept to amazing executions. the role is hands on for design and working closely with others to bring the creative vision of uber to life. you'll work among other extraordinarily talented creatives in a fast-paced, rapidly growing, highly collaborative environment. from product launches to marketing campaigns, you will have the opportunity to shape the emea uber brand.

we are deeply user-centric and believe we can innovate our way past any roadblock. the challenges we take on require thorough experimentation and execution, bold ideas, obsession with pursuing excellence, fearlessness and optimism in the face of uncertainty, creative problem-solving, and tenacity in taking projects to the finish line.
we might be a good match if...
your concepts mean business.
whether is it a pitch or the final campaign you know the audience and how to visually connect with them. you approach every brief with fresh eyes. avoiding familiar solutions, create and inspire work that is distinctive, effective and truly remarkable.
you iterate quickly and respect deadlines.
when it's time to get locked in, you know how to move fast while still being meticulous and conscientious in your work. you know a first concept is only a starting point, so you work through multiple rounds efficiently — thinking all the way through the experience, developing a solid foundation, tinkering, collecting feedback, and refining. you do what it takes to keep projects on track while keeping messaging on target.
you are equal parts content strategist and designer.
breathtaking designs and creative concepts aren't all you care about. you're passionate about developing sound strategy, figuring out message hierarchies, and developing user experiences that communicate exactly the right message to the right person at the right time. you don't sacrifice clarity or simplicity to protect your own precious gems.
you fight the good fight, and you fight fair.
selling your work and ideas is one of your most impressive skills. you defend your decisions and advocate for what you think is right for the business objectives and audience needs, using logic and evidence rather than opinion or emotion to make your case. you do this all with a collaborative spirit that puts the good of the team ahead of your own ego — listening closely to other viewpoints and genuinely considering all feedback, then picking your battles wisely and employing storytelling techniques to win people over.
your creative eye brings to life beautiful ideas.
art directors play essential roles in the strategy, conception and design of beautiful ideas, products and services. extraordinary design aesthetic and solid typography skills is what bridge the gap between brand guidelines and campaign concept.
you're skilled at translating features into benefits, crafting content with emotional resonance, and figuring out how to make them stick.
you know the medium matters.
when you concept for content, you think about how it will be consumed. you understand how desktop vs. mobile, print vs. digital, and push vs. pull affects the way people read and retain information.
you're skilled at visualizing the same story across multiple channels in a way that's integrated yet
optimized for every touch point.
a hands-on approach to the work
exceptional design aesthetic and solid typography skills
create and manage original, persuasive, conceptually compelling work for 360 campaigns, content and experiences
cultivate progressive thinking and the pushing of boundaries
at least 3 years of international advertising or client background
at least 6 years of experience working for top consumer brands
a proven ability to develop a well-defined brand language
experience with performance marketing (preferred, but not mandatory)
compelling portfolio of work
degree in marketing, communications, design or related field
please include your portfolio in your application.
