Uber 567--Program-Manager--Tech---Partnerships-And-Integrations---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt






program managers in engineering play a critical role executing high-impact initiatives as well as defining, running, and improving process to increase the effectiveness of our product and engineering organizations.

program managers
move
fluidly from the big picture to details so that the team can deliver complex cross-functional projects, often with tight deadlines. you are a bridge and a connector for the company. you are intuitive, focused, driven, organized, insightful and productive. you break through communication issues and effectively develop relationships with stakeholders at all levels of the organization. you build trust across the organization. you are not afraid to be direct, but you strive to act with empathy and integrity.

pgm work in business development partnerships including but is not limited to the following:

project manage cross-functional initiatives working with engineering managers and engineers to estimate efforts, define milestones, and drive the schedule. track progress, resolve dependencies, evaluate risks and communicate status to upper management and project stakeholders. engage and energize the project teams to achieve aggressive goals.
proactively remove obstacles to drive momentum and progress. identify communication gaps, manage issue escalations and provide support to teams balancing competing priorities. drive results proactively.
implement continuous improvements to the engineering organization and the program management process. share program/project process frameworks, tools, and best practices that can be adopted throughout the organization. improve product development and delivery. mentor project management skills within our engineering leadership team.


2+ years experience as a program / project manager in a software, saas, or systems development environment.
ability to understand technical concepts and work in highly engineering and product driven environments. engineers enjoy working closely with you.
experienced in project management; familiar with both agile and waterfall methodologies and able to apply them where best suited.
experienced in managing technical processes; proficient in identifying process gaps, measuring progress, and balancing engineering and product efficiency with process overhead.
excellent written and verbal communication skills and exceptional emotional intelligence. ability to influence and motivate people across a broad variety of job functions through your relationships.
strong organizational skills to juggle many tasks without losing sight of the highest priority items.
analytical and truth seeking. ability to understand complex concepts and make reasoned decisions objectively.


worked at a high paced, fast growing, scrappy tech startup.
pgm in engineering or tpm experience at an established company with strong pgm/tpm roles.

