Uber 305--Sales-Operations-Manager--Ubereats--India---Gurgaon--India---Uber---Uber.Txt





ubereats is seeking a resourceful and driven sales ops manager to lead efficiency and effectiveness projects across our sales & city operations teams.

you'll develop and drive the region's plans for how ubereats markets and sells into restaurants of all sizes while also driving the deployment of internal systems to boost productivity. you will also drive high priority projects to make restaurant's on-boarding experience with ubereats as seamless as possible.

you are a self starter that possesses excellent analytical and problem solving skills with experience in different sales functions such as operations or management. you are resourceful, empathetic, data-driven, and a self-starter - you do not shy away from rolling up your sleeves, slicing and dicing sets of information, and working with our city team to build solutions to problems that have not been tackled yet. this is a role central to our sales growth and effectiveness in india, based out of gurgaon.
create the strategies that steer the sales organization including overall structure, compensation and quotas, lead generation and management, territory optimization etc.
drive consistent sales goal setting processes ( with gms & city ops teams ) and design of sales incentive plans, partnering with cross-functional teams and sales leadership.
help in the development, execution, and maintenance of training for the sales organization and guide the onboarding process of new sales employees
lead deployment of sales crm ( salesforce ) and guide ongoing administration including user and data management, application setup, customization, reports and dashboards.
be responsible for building tools and creative processes for the sales organization to boost productivity
special projects:
be a thought partner to the sales team on high priority initiatives including (but not limited to)  sales incentive design, account management, etc
evaluate and replicate best practices in sales management from across the world. help build the playbook for india

4+ years working cross-functionally with sales, sales finance, sales compensation, or sales leadership
excellent written and verbal communication skills, as well as strong documentation, data management, and analysis experience
experience with
salesforce
reporting and dashboards; ability to develop analysis based on crm data in a scalable manner. you geek out in understanding the sales funnel and you read up on sales operations best practices
strong desire to take initiative; thrive on change and comfortable with ambiguity.
strong references from former employers and business partners; passion for building relationships
excellent at planning and project management – ability to look ahead to meet regular deadlines and prevent last minute fire drills
happy to shift from strategic thinking to rolling up your sleeves and supporting implementation
highly curious and a quick learner who thrives in a dynamic and fast-paced collaborative environment

strong nice-to-haves
previous quota-carrying and b2b sales experience
experience with sql
experience with a bi tool, like tableau or looker

