Uber 654--Assoc-Manager--Carrier-Operations---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt




our operations teams are the heart and soul of uber freight. the carrier operations associate manager role has a direct impact on the growth and optimization of the carrier population on uber freight's platform, continually improving the carrier experience through easier access to high quality freight, while minimizing hassles and streamlining processes. this data-driven management role calls for a rare combination of analytical thinking, management experience and interpersonal ability to manage relationships with a very valuable part of our business; our carriers. this person will manage a team of operations and data analysts to build up an engaged driver base, and create a marketplace to match shippers and carriers through our uber freight app. this role is ultimately responsible for making sure we have carriers and liquidity in the marketplace, driving growth to the business through app utilization and efficient processes.

lead a team. you'll be managing a team of high performing operations analysts as we look to grow, understand and improve the freight marketplace.
strategy. we need to determine the best strategy for acquiring and engaging drivers. how do we scale quickly but responsibly?
prioritize. in a start up environment, the team could work on thousands of projects. we need to ruthlessly prioritize to focus on the highest impact projects.
analytics. utilize data to understand carrier behavior and areas for improvement in our carrier communication, sign-up and incentive programs.
develop & optimize processes. take big picture ideas and break them into actionable steps with aggressive timelines for completion.
stakeholder management. carrier operations sits in the middle of various teams. getting buy-in and aligning teams is key to a smooth operation.
2-4
years of team management experience with a proven track record of managing high performers
4-8 years of operations experience, strategy consulting, accounting, or banking background with previous experience using data to drive business decisions preferred
strong people management skills - you can set the tone for your team; driving towards results while also being empathetic to their challenges - eq is a must-have
demonstrated leadership of leading initiatives and projects at your organization
excellent excel & sql skills
creative solutions driven mindset, with a get shit done attitude
entrepreneurial dna
a positive, scrappy, hustling attitude
about uber freight
uber freight is a marketplace built to connect shippers with trucks, much like the way the uber app connects drivers and riders.
we are a team of sharp, entrepreneurial individuals who are redefining the movement of things around the world. on the uber freight team, we fiercely believe that our dedication to transportation technologies will bring more collaborative, highly efficient, and increasingly safer transportation logistics to our roads. we are currently looking for candidates to join our growing team who share our enthusiasm for tackling today's toughest challenges in transportation. when we see individuals
truly
owning their individual success, we succeed as a team.
