Uber 66--Communications-Designer--Product---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt



for the women and men who drive with uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. for cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.

join the uber design team, you'll work among design oriented engineers, product managers and some of the best designers in a fast-paced, rapidly growing, hybrid (technology/operations) environment.

we are highly user-centric and we sincerely believe we can innovate our way out of any box. the role demands great execution, bold innovation, passion with quality, boldness and optimism to be inspired by the unknown and never settle, solving problems with creativity while keeping the user in mind and passion to take projects to the finish line.

check out some of our work on
https://www.uber.design/

you will sit alongside and collaborate with leadership across uber's product, design, data science & engineering teams. as we scale the business, disciplined and effective dialogue between our teams is imperative. we need you to help our teams communicate with each other in the most compelling and scalable way.
you will assist in storytelling and information-sharing through visual narratives by working collaboratively with people across multiple departments and disciplines.
you'll take complex source material and make it visually elegant and easy to understand.
you'll create inspiring and well designed presentations, motion graphics, email, project documentation, planning and presentation formats.
you're also prepared for just about anything to come your way.

3+ years of graphic design, communications design, information design experience
expert at developing and conveying ideas clearly in written and visual format - making business concepts and data visually engaging through use of color, typography, images, infographics, and animation
mastery of google slides, keynote, illustrator, indesign, after effects
experience in other visual, motion, presentation mediums is a plus (e.g., cinema 4d, 3ds max, premiere, vfx)
attention to detail — every pixel (and frame) matters
deadline-driven with the ability to prioritize multiple projects concurrently
ability to work collaboratively with people from all disciplines and levels
ability to improvise and find creative solutions

