Uber 393--Engineering-Manager---Developer-Tools-(Vilnius)---Vilnius--Lithuania---Uber---Uber.Txt




engineering manager – developer tools (vilnius)
uber is looking for an experienced engineering manager to lead a team within our developer experience group. as a manager within developer experience, you will have a significant impact on how uber engineers develop platforms and products. our mission is to make transportation as reliable as running water, and we are looking for people who are excited to build the dependable developer platform and tools that supports this vision. an ideal candidate will have strong leadership and interpersonal skills, deep technical ability, and a track record for successful execution.


lead a team of software engineers to deliver world-class experiences for our engineering teams.
partner with engineering teams, help identify the opportunities, gather requirements and create technology roadmap for the team.
recruit, inspire, and grow excellent engineering teams. mentor and support your team.
enable successful adoption of solutions delivered by the team and contribute to open source/industry wide initiatives.
manage team's upstream and downstream dependencies across offices.


masters or ph.d. in computer science or a related discipline, or equivalent experience.
experience as a technical leader and manager, leading teams for 5+ years.
strong leader and people manager with experience in creating a strong vision/roadmap for your team with a track record of delivering results
strong programming skills in either golang, java, python or c#
experience going through the full software cycle from requirements, design, coding, testing, continuous integration, delivery and ongoing management of world class software and services.
ability to successfully navigate a complex and ever changing organization in a hyper growth environment.
experience planning projects, and the wisdom to know when to shift priorities amid a rapidly changing business environment.


you have experience with building platforms and developer tools or similar technologies, and influencing adoption across groups and industry through best practices.
you have an open, curious, and bold approach to problem-solving and striving for the best solution.
you have a proven track record of assessing new technologies and making pragmatic choices that help guide us towards a long-term vision.


developer experience is pushing the boundary of what's possible to make engineers forget about infrastructure and focus on creating incredible solutions for our customers. developer experience comprises of several key areas: developer tools, build platform, testing & chaos platform, continuous integration and continuous delivery. if you enjoy enabling other engineers to be productive, discussing anything from developer tools to kernels and you measure the success of your projects in “nines”, we would like to talk to you.
