Uber 74--Claims-Advocate---Phoenix--Az---Uber---Uber.Txt






at uber, insurance is an integral part of our business -- it dictates our ability to operate, expand into new geographies, and open new lines of business.  our uber claims advocates likewise have a key role in driving the success of our operations.  working in collaboration with our insurance carrier partners, claims advocates help ensure that we are delivering exceptional service to our partner drivers and customers.

claims advocates at uber are exposed to a broad variety of claims involving uber operations throughout the us and canada (and internationally, on occasion).  this includes 1st and 3rd party auto bodily injury claims (ranging from low to high severity and complexity), auto property damage claims, and general liability claims.
the role interacts with claimants, drivers, passengers, attorneys, insurers, and third party claims administrators throughout the claims management process.

you will be located in our phoenix, az office (central downtown location) and report to a claims lead.

investigate, triage and tender newly reported claims to appropriate insurance carrier partners for handling;
serve as a resource to carrier partners to ensure that they have robust/validated information early in the claims process to make accurate/timely coverage, evaluation and resolution decisions;
communicate with claimants, drivers, passengers, witnesses, etc. as appropriate to obtain information critical to the claims handling process;
advocate on behalf of partner drivers, customers and claimants to ensure they are receiving exceptional claims service;
manage an inventory of claims to ensure proper claims handling throughout the life of the claim in collaboration with our insurance carrier partners;
engage in claims roundtable discussions with insurance carrier partners;
establish and monitor claims action plans to ensure carrier claims handling fulfills obligations per regulatory requirements and uber expectations; and
actively participate in global claims projects/initiatives to drive uber's success.


bachelor's degree or equivalent;
minimum 5 years experience handling bodily injury liability claims of at least moderate severity (high severity claims handling experience strongly preferred);
strong written and verbal communication skills;
strong analytical and problem-solving skills;
strong collaboration bias, including effective influencing/persuasion skills;
exceptional attention to detail; and
strong claims iq, with the drive and curiosity to gather information, analyze facts, challenge norms, seek the truth, and bring claims to a timely and effective resolution


the claims team provides exceptional customer service through a variety of communication methods. the team also interacts with claimants, drivers, riders, attorneys, insurers, third party claimants, claims administrators, and internal teams to ensures optimal handling of claims throughout the process.
