Uber 370--Design-Manager---Emea---Amsterdam--Netherlands---Uber---Uber.Txt



uber is building a central creative team in amsterdam to support all emea markets. we're seeking a skilled digital design manager to lead and support the digital design team. the multi talented digital design team consists of copywriters, designers, content strategist and production designers. the role demands great execution, bold innovation, passion with quality, boldness and optimism to be inspired by the unknown and never settle, solving problems with creativity while keeping the user in mind and passion to take projects to the finish line. we are highly user-centric and we sincerely believe we can innovate our way out of any box.
check out some of our work on https://www.uber.design/
you teach the soft and the hard skills. you help designers and copywriters become a source of inspiration for marketing efforts that inspires marketing management to be even more potent. you can help designers strengthen their voices to become a thought and creative leader. you build teams with watertight comradery.
you're
still
an amazing designer. your portfolio is so inspiring that we'd consider you for a staff level position, but your interests also lie in helping others become amazing designers. you still love to roll up your sleeves and get your hands dirty. you have creative dexterity to craft and lead world class digital executions that range from crm to performance media design.
you know how high to set the bar. uber ships fast. you know what quality looks like and how to help teams ship at that quality with minimal effects on velocity. you don't have to sacrifice quality for speed and you have mastered a variety of techniques to help your team move at the same pace.
you're a force multiplier for the entire team. you improve the entire design and marketing teams, not just your direct reports. as a leader and example-setter you should be more effective when you're not even in the room. your processes will be celebrated, emulated and copied by teams throughout the organization.
able to present a strong body of work across print and digital channels
strong conceptual thinker
at least 7 years of visual design experience
experience leading and growing teams
cross disciplinary experience in print, interactive and digital design
comfortable with digital channel media testing
a solid understanding of designing to achieve business objectives while meeting an expected brand standard and high bar for aesthetic quality
experience creating lean and scalable workflows and implementing process improvements
proficiency with project management and asset management tools (e.g., jira, basecamp, box, google drive, etc).
clear and effective written, verbal, and visual communication skills
strong analytical ability, conflict resolution and negotiation skills
superior organizational, time management, and prioritization skills
highly productive and ability to execute with limited direction. initiative to solve problems big and small.
experience writing creative briefs and scopes of work, creating and managing budgets

agency experience a plus, but not necessary
experience working on projects that reached across multiple emea markets

the emea central creative team consists copywriters, designers, content strategist and production designers. like the region we serve the team holds a variety of nationalities. each team member bringing their own expertise and knowledge.
true to the startup spirit that uber has the team has a go-can-do mentality.
we work with an extensive network external creative partners to realize projects.
