Uber 607--Coe-Team-Lead---Manila---Taguig-City--Philippines---Uber---Uber.Txt




our team leaders drive operational excellence through daily performance monitoring, coaching, motivating our teams, and continuously improving our processes. our site's success is founded on each team member surpassing our productivity, quality and timeliness metrics under the guidance and support of our team leaders.
instinctive, innovative and inspirational as a leader. there will be excited team members who will look up to you for guidance on difficult or complex issues. they are inspired by your passion for helping others and your dedication to doing the right thing. you're first to drive necessary actions to make sure excellent support is not sacrificed. as a leader, you also utilize analytics and numbers to back up your decisions.
you take ownership. owners seek creative solutions, optimize for long-term outcomes, bridge gaps in organizations, think, follow through, and act beyond their job description.
optimistic leadership. optimism is inspiring, and inspiration leads to people collaborating together to make the whole greater than the sum of the parts. would you rather connect with someone optimistic and inspiring or someone negative? optimism can lead the world into a vision for progress that is inspirational. a company whose behavior garners trust and respect is imperative if it desires to be a part of that change.
passionate and dedicated to growing uber through excellent support. you will be completely transforming the concept of support at uber. you're excited about engaging with the most challenging problems and questions from riders and partner-drivers.
reliable and calm under pressure. dealing with new and different challenges among a wide range of rider and partner-driver cultures excites you. you have a way to anticipate problems that come your way and you like finding resolutions, using all resources available to you. you can move quickly with care. you embrace change and can learn and understand new information during times of pressure without losing composure during communication with the customer.
incredibly empathetic, patient, and understanding. you are easily adaptable and responsive to the emotion and tone of the rider or partner-driver you are dealing with. you are able to understand and resolve their issues quickly while knowing how to flexibly shift and adjust your communication approach with each of them.
you have excellent communication skills and a passion for technology. a rider or a partner-driver will appreciate having you on the other end of the line, as you are helpful, capable and knowledgeable of the product. this makes you awesome to exchange information with. you're very comfortable using either written or spoken english to handle user concerns over email, through instant messaging or over a call. you also embrace most, if not all, things technology-related, thus your passion for our product.

bachelor's degree with an above average academic standing
at least 1 year of leadership experience
high level of integrity, ownership and hustle, and uses data to guide decision making
excellent in both written and spoken english
exceptional comprehension, writing and problem solving skills
willingness to work shifting schedules and travel as business requires
high proficiency with google suite and can quickly learn to use new software/apps

5 years total work experience in high-growth, productive, constantly-changing environments
work experience in other customer-centric industries (ex. hotels, airlines, f&b, etc.)
extensive experience dealing with different markets (countries) and excellent understanding of cultural differences

you will be part of the manila coe operations team serving various lines of businesses for uber. our teams attend to customers' concerns via chat, phone calls or in-app help.
