Uber 308--City-Operations-Manager--Uber-Eats---London--United-Kingdom---Uber---Uber.Txt






the london city operations manager role is a unique opportunity to have a direct impact on the success of uber eats' largest global city. the city ops manager will support the market lead for london by developing a deep, quantitative understanding of local market dynamics, jumping on challenges as they emerge and owning strategic projects.

this role calls for a combination of savvy analytics, strategic thinking, strong execution and the interpersonal ability to work with teams from across the business. further, as uber eats is a new business and remains a fast paced environment, we are looking for a highly adaptable candidate who is able to switch between long-term strategic initiatives one moment and pivot into rapid, tactical actions the next.

develop tracking
: dig into the city at a granular level to understand metrics such as reliability, profitability, selection etc
build tools
: identify gaps in restaurant selection or marketplace reliability to help ensure central teams are maximising their impact
run cross functional projects
: lead on london reliability, selection or profitability projects driving implementation by bringing together teams from across the business
experiment
: take the lead on local tests of new practices and document learnings to help shape the future of our uk and emea processes
own relationships
: with some of our smaller strategic local restaurant partners (e.g. national chain's local franchisees; local favourite independents)
win local favorites:
identify restaurant exclusivity opportunities to lock in strategic partners, working with restaurant sales to push these over the line
secure restaurant selection
: identify restaurant partnerships at risk through core metric analysis and build recommendations on how to prevent restaurant chur


a minimum of 3 years of experience of operations management / management consulting / investment banking / strategy work in a large business, or of growing a startup
data-driven decision mentality and sound business judgment through extremely strong analytical thinking and modelling ability. excel skill necessary, sql knowledge advantageous
good business understanding and judgement. comfortable in understanding a business through its financial information and thoughtful about overall strategic choices
high adaptability to change and ability to execute quickly. able to pivot quickly from long-term thinking to immediate action tactical response
great project manager and thoughtful in the prioritisation of personal time. able to deliver projects however many urgent tasks crop up
able to cope with pressure and an environment where not everything works yet. much more interested in taking ownership of problems than in worrying about whose problem it is
curious and eager to learn about all aspects of the business. can build up skills and knowledge very fast to become a recognized subject matter expert amongst your peers
empathetic in dealing with different people. able to quickly build relationships with external partners, couriers and internal stakeholders with no problem
excited about uber's prospects for the future and a believer in the value that uber brings to its cities

