Uber 565--Machine-Learning-Systems-Engineer---Routing---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt




team overview

maps are critical to uber's mission of making transportation reliable and efficient, and the map services team is looking for engineers who are as passionate about designing machine learning algorithms and applying them to solve complex problems that directly impact transportation of billions of people and goods.

routing team is a part of map services and owns the full stack of technologies that result in time (etas), distance and route line estimations starting from processing of gps driver locations, to machine-learned eta adjustments and sophisticated turn-by-turn instructions for navigation. our consumers are all uber services ranging from eyeball etas, dispatch decisions, pool matching, fare estimation and calculation, or driver app navigation.

as a machine learning systems engineer you will be designing machine learning platforms and pipelines for training and running machine learning models that predict travel times, routes, traffic conditions, and everything that constitute to accurate etas. accurate etas are the most critical part of uber ecosystem as they define the efficiency of dispatch, profitability of upfront pricing, quality of uber pool match, reliability of eats and overall user experience and reputation. this is your chance to develop cutting-edge technology that will make huge impact of the whole uber efficiency!
the team is based in san francisco.
why join us?
teammates.
work with sharp, motivated teammates in a fast-paced, collaborative environment.
impact.
routing is central to uber's success. you'll be working on very important and visible projects - both inside and outside of uber. your code will move real people and things.
data.
you'll build meaningful traffic models out of billions of gps points. big and detailed data provides endless opportunities for machine learning and analytics.
high scalability engineering.
build world class engineering for high throughput and low latency distributed systems. we take ownership in creating elegant and reliable code.
fun problem solving.
we love solving challenging problems with cutting edge algorithms. we move fast and build things that have never been built before.
here are the kinds of things we're looking for:
a team player.
you believe that you can achieve more on a team — that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. you rely on others' candid feedback for continuous improvement.
passion.
you love solving problems and are driven to improve the lives of billions of people by the code and products we build.
ownership.
you feel ownership over everything you ship; you'd never call code "released" until you're confident it's correct. you pride yourself on efficient monitoring, strong documentation, and proper test coverage.
computer science fundamentals.
you know which algorithms and data structures to apply to create blazing fast experiences. you are aware of the power of data. you are interested in building scalable and reliable services.
