Uber 590--User-Experience-Researcher--Uber-Freight---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt




uber freight connect shippers with truckers, much like the way the uber connects riders and drivers. we are a team of sharp, entrepreneurial individuals who are redefining the movement of things around the world. on the uber freight team, we fiercely believe that our dedication to transportation technologies will bring more harmonious, highly efficient, and increasingly safer transportation logistics to our roads. we are currently looking for researchers to join our growing team who share our enthusiasm for taking on today's toughest challenges in transportation.

uber freight is seeking user experience researchers who aren't afraid to take on the hairy, complex, and profitable business of trucking and turn it into something simple, thoughtful, and magical. each member of our small team of researchers is responsible for driving qualitative and quantitative research activities across a variety of teams. researchers should be comfortable juggling many research approaches to ensure the broader uber freight team is empowered with the right insights for product decisions.

learn more about the design team and the work being done here
https://www.uber.design
.

design and conduct user research to evaluate new and current products, using both qualitative studies (field observations, interviews, & remote and in-person usability studies) and quantitative studies (experiments and surveys).
identify and explore new opportunities before they make it onto the drawing board.
collaborate closely with other researchers, designers, product managers, and engineers.
adapt and innovate research practices to meet team needs under the tight timeframes of a rapidly growing company.
synthesize and communicate research findings to inform business decisions.
connect user insights to a/b experiment (live experiment) with measureable and actionable hypotheses.

qu
alifications:
minimum of 4 years of relevant user research experience in product environment.  demonstrable ability to plan and conduct mid-to-large scale research projects, in close collaboration with people in a variety of roles (we work in teams).
deep understanding of the strengths and weakness of different research methods, including when and how to apply them during each product phase.
excellent working knowledge of statistics and principles of survey and experiment design, including sampling, data collection and analysis.
ability to clearly, concisely and persuasively communicate research findings.
willingness to travel 15% time.

