Uber 200--Backend-Developer--Uber-Freight---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt




about the role

as a backend engineer at uber, you'll be working on code that's closest to the business. your work will impact live riders, eaters, driver-partners, and operations teams across the globe. our teams span from the traditional ridesharing business to the new emerging products around ubereats, our own mapping technology, and self-driving cars.

you will build user-facing products, handle and store thousands of payment transactions per second, and develop intelligent fraud prevention strategies that scale. from building maps that help move millions of people, to the messaging systems that let us interact with them - the work you do will impact every single uber request.

carrier experience
the carrier experience team is a cross-functional team where backend, android and ios engineers work together with design to build products we feel will provide better opportunities for truck drivers to maximize their revenue and flexibility. our flagship product is a mobile application (available on ios and android) that helps uber freight's primary goal of automating the freight industry by giving drivers the ability to book their own loads and control their own schedules. we are a #driverobsessed team, and care deeply about our users and continually look for opportunities to improve their lives.

operations experience
the operations experience group aims to make every uber freight operations person a superhero. this means building fast, informative tools to speed up the workflows around creating, selling, and booking freight; it means becoming automation obsessed to maintain a lean, quality-obsessed organization even as we scale dramatically; it means building predictive models and alerting mechanisms so we can address loads at risk of operational failure before the problems ever happen.

marketplace dynamics/pricing
the marketplace dynamics pricing group is all about the intersection of market signals and business strategy. its mission is to ensure that uber freight has the data, processes, and tools to build and maintain a healthy marketplace. that means building intelligent pricing engine and quoting tools so that our operations teams can bid and sell with confidence

at scale
; that means building data structures to track the buy-offer-sell spreads of our freight; that means building a dynamic optimally ally priced marketplace to ensure that our drivers are the most fairly paid in the industry.

shipper experience
the shipper experience team is building tech to scale the demand for uber freight's marketplace. the team is challenged with addressing diverse needs from the world's largest shippers to the smallest, and we are focused on replacing antiquated industry technology with open apis, intelligent analytics, and reliable supply chain management and transparency.


all backend developer candidates:
- bs/ms/phd in computer science or related field required
- demonstrated experience of shipping high-quality product features on schedule
- experience in working on large-scale distributed systems
- data-driven architecture and systems design
- familiarity with or interest in python, go, and/or java
- knowledge of the logistics and freight industry a plus

pricing candidates -
all of the above, plus:
- demonstrated experience with product pricing (prior experience with brokerages a big plus)
- familiarity with or interest in operations research, econometrics, yield/revenue management, and dynamic pricing.


about the team

trucks move everything you buy, why shouldn't booking a truck be as seamless as booking an uber?

uber freight connects shippers with carriers / truck drivers, much like the way the uber connects riders and drivers. the uber freight team believes that empowering truck drivers will bring more open, efficient, and increasingly safer transportation to our roads. we are a team of sharp, entrepreneurial individuals who are redefining the movement of goods around the world. we are currently looking for candidates to join our growing team who share our enthusiasm for tackling today's toughest challenges in transportation.
