Uber 640--Business-Systems-Analyst-(Finance-Applications)---Hyderabad--India---Uber---Uber.Txt




about the role

uber is looking for finance systems analysts who is a subject matter expert in procure-to-pay applications. the bsa is responsible for both supporting existing functionality and enhancements and must be techno-functional to be able to drive projects and assignments to their successful completion.

participate in the internal oracle ebs/ coupa global implementation rollouts and enhancements.
identify opportunities for business process improvement and drive cross functional business and system requirements for the implementation and support of key financial processes.
evaluate information gathered from multiple sources, identify gaps, and translate business requirements into system solutions
document business requirements, functional design, test scenarios and scripts, and end-user training materials.
work directly with international finance shared services business users around the world to provide superior day-to-day application support.
provide research, analysis, and problem resolution including creating and monitoring service requests with oracle/coupa support
support business users and help to troubleshoot simple to complex application issues and develop creative solutions to support business needs.
work closely with engineering organization to develop and test system extensions, enhancements, integrations, and bug fixes.

bachelor's degree in business administration, finance or information technology is required.
5 - 10 years of experience in implementation, development, process re-engineering and support of coupa or oracle ebs r12 suite mainly in gl, agis, po, ap, ar, fa, cm and ebtax.
proficient at multitasking and prioritization of projects and support.
excellent analytical, problem solving, and troubleshooting skills to manage complex process and technology issues.
understands technical issues and able to write sql queries
knowledge of oracle tools used to support oracle application development including pl/sql, sql, apex is a plus.

demonstrated ability to work in a team environment including the ability to work collaboratively with business users, it staff and various levels of management; including experience working in an onshore/offshore model with different time zones
attention to detail and strong personal organizational skills and able to work in fast, paced, high volume environment. proven history of successful problem solving with strong sense of ownership
excellent verbal and written communication skill


the business systems team is responsible for supporting financial systems, troubleshooting and documenting software applications of varying complexity following the predefined standards and best practices.
