Uber 112--Head-Of-Inbound-Sales--Uber-Eats---San-Francisco---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt





uber eats is seeking a resourceful and driven head of inbound sales to lead our growing sales team in the us & canada, focused on inbound demand from restaurants looking to partner with uber eats.  this is a people-management role covering teams in multiple locations and will work closely with product and marketing.  the
ideal candidate is a strong strategic thinker, process-oriented, empathetic, data-driven, and a self-starter with experience in both mature and start-up environments.
you'll succeed in this role if: you embrace rolling up your sleeves with your team; you enjoy finding the balance between short-term needs and long-term investments; your working style is collaborative, process-driven, and decisive.

this is a role central to our sales growth and effectiveness across eats in us & canada, based in san francisco.

a minimum of 7 years working in sales leadership and cross-functionally with marketing, product, and operations.
leadership experience hiring and coaching a large transactional sales team, preferably across multiple offices.
excellent written and verbal communication skills, as well as stakeholder management, sales systems design, and data analysis experience.
experience with salesforce; ability to develop analysis based on crm data in a scalable manner. you geek out in understanding the sales funnel and you read up on sales operations best practices.
desire to take initiative; lean in with your team; thrive on change and comfortable with ambiguity.
strong references from former employers and business partners; passion for building relationships
nice to have: experience with sql, salesforce, and bi tools (e.g, tableau or looker)

excellent at building and motivating teams and leading through ambiguity.
happy to shift from strategic thinking to rolling up your sleeves and supporting implementation.
highly curious and a quick learner who thrives in in a dynamic and fast-paced collaborative environment.
