Uber 297--Sr.-Product-Manager---Internal-Tools---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt



we are looking for an exceptional product manager with broad experience to build game changing internal tools for uber employees. our mission is to enhance uber's corporate speed, reliability and worker happiness by building tools, integrations and platforms for internal use.

this role demands real passion for the customer, technical depth, principled thinking, product judgment from deep experience, a knack for unblocking progress and a high design bar that always starts with the customer.


engage with builders to craft inspiring and highly useful tools for employees.
internalize uber's mission and strategic priorities to create goals for your team.
envision and set a course for your team to keep a high level of team energy.
continually measure progress to ensure maximum impact and learning.
deeply understand the mechanics of valuable use and high satisfaction with our tools.
build strong rapport with uber-internal and marketplace operations stakeholders.
partner with external technology providers to license or reuse critical building blocks.
find our truth by leveraging raw data and customer feedback to inform product direction.
continually learn and improve by soliciting critical feedback on everything we build.
generate broad awareness of new product features and solidify trust in uber's tools.


at least five years of experience driving delivery of platform-oriented products
a computer science undergraduate degree or other engineering equivalent
experience using agile to deliver products and protect developer time
excellent understanding of integration, web application and data technical domains
experience using data to remove ambiguity and elevate confidence in decision making
a "driver" personality - constantly pushing toward clarity and delivery
extremely detail oriented, happily sacrificing quantity for quality
habitual initiator; as a servant-oriented leader, persevering when others give up
demonstrated passion for uber's mission and hybrid technology / operations nature
unquenchable appetite for growing and learning; always sharing with others
