Uber 247--Visual-Designer--Ubereats---Emea---Amsterdam--Netherlands---Uber---Uber.Txt


with over 100 cities and 28 countries, ubereats has rapidly become a massive growth opportunity within uber. in emea, ubereats is already in 12 countries and 40+ cities and is looking to further expand its footprint in the region.

on the ubereats team, we're on a mission to make eating well effortless for everyone, everywhere. ubereats is looking for designers experienced in print, digital marketing and advertising to join our emea team. come shape the eats brand and invent innovative ways to introduce ubereats to the world. the right candidates will be excellent communicators, comfortable in a high-velocity environment, and passionate about campaigns and brand building. this position is full-time and based in amsterdam.

we might be a good match if...

you believe in craftsmanship and create elegant and compelling designs
your portfolio is eye-wateringly beautiful. you have deep knowledge of designing across multiple channels while keeping the visuals on brand. your standards are very high, and you constantly strive to elevate your abilities.

are comfortable to work in a high pace environment
speed, resourcefulness, and go-getter attitude. you are a self starter and able to lean in when necessary to push a project over the finish line. you come up with creative solutions to completing projects in less-than-ideal situations. a lack of resources doesn't stop you. you enjoy the opportunity of finding ways to get it done.

you love working in a larger team
be a source of inspiration and partnership for the team; collaborate with other designers, producers, engineers, marketers, and others to shepherd the brand forward, and mentor the process.

details matter to you
passion about quality; you have pixel-perfect attention to detail, explore and push to find the best solution, and are passionate about the pursuit of exciting and new creative work. we are looking for someone with a solid knowledge of design fundamentals who also has a passion for process, efficiency and productivity. the ideal candidate possesses strong graphic design and technical skills as well as superb organizational practices.
you will play a critical role in helping find the best available options to execute campaigns across a variety of marketing channels; such as social media, out of home, as well as traditional online digital ads. your job is to ensure that quality and brand standards are maintained throughout the entire creative process. you will work closely with other designers and copywriters. creating design files across multiple sizes and formats, and delivering all of the final assets for trafficking. creating documentation to help define and improve these processes will also be part of your job function.
communicating effectively with copywriters, project and marketing managers on your team will be crucial to your success. you should have a clear understanding of scale & proportion and how this translates across different sized ad units.
a large part of the role will also involve working closely with our translations guides to create localized versions for non-english speaking countries. at times this requires working with stakeholders in regions to execute on a given campaign.

experience; a portfolio showcasing at least 3 years of relevant experience designing for a wide range of projects, including brand systems and branded executions (web, print, product, packaging)
a highly collaborative working style
organization skills; you can effectively manage your time and prioritize your work
knowledge of adobe creative suite - photoshop, illustrator and indesign (after effects is a plus)
​experience with adobe creative cloud libraries
deep knowledge of different export file types and file optimization
experience with automation software and workflows
awareness of typographic best practices, including non-english alphabets
digital animation experience a plus
experience with language localization process for multiple countries a plus
​familiarity with google docs
experience with box or similar cloud based storage platforms

