Uber 532--Head-Of-Public-Policy-Uk&-Ireland-_-Northern-Europe---London--United-Kingdom---Uber---Uber.Txt




about public policy at uber

our public policy team is responsible for working with policy makers and third parties to make the positive case for uber. that's partly about building lasting relationships in the cities where we operate with politicians and their staff so they understand the benefits of ridesharing. it also about figuring out the best local regulatory framework and then developing campaigns to push reform through.

we are looking for someone to lead our government affairs & public policy in northern europe, based in london.

building an effective, credible government affairs team across the region;
establishing uber's brand and profile with policy makers:;including governments, third parties and academics; and
working to ensure that the regulatory framework in every country supports ridesharing apps like uber.
representing the business externally with speaking events, select committees and in the media.


a self starter:  uber is a company of entrepreneurs and we want to work with people who enjoy building things from the bottom up.  stuff changes fast in our world so you'll need to be highly adaptable as well as calm under pressure.
a great advocate:  we're looking to create new regulatory frameworks that encourage innovation and alternatives to individual car ownership.  you'll need the intellectual fire power to grasp complex policy issues as well as the ability to articulate clearly and simply how apps like uber can help improve transportation for everyone—both orally and in writing.
a strong campaigner:  smartphone apps are disruptive, and the interests being disrupted are deeply entrenched.  so you'll need to put together proactive campaigns involving passengers, drivers and third parties that demonstrate there's a better alternative to today's outdated status quo.  that means having a bias for action in everything you do—and a willingness to engage in debates, that can often become heated.
a team player:  success at uber depends on the ability to organize different teams (internally and externally) around shared goals.  it's why we're looking for well organized people who enjoy working with others to get stuff done—and who can deal with the ambiguity that sometimes comes from working cross-functionally.

ideally you would have 8+ years experience in government affairs, but we're open to people in other walks of life (e.g. the law, media, consultancy) that intuitively get this stuff and may be looking for a career change.  fluency in english, both oral and written, is essential.
