Uber 477--Head-Of-Marketing-Strategy---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt



directing one of the largest consumer marketing budgets in the us, the senior director of marketing strategy will lead a world-class team of highly effective marketers across driver strategy, rider strategy, research & insights and program management. s/he will support the the vp of marketing to drive strategy, integrated business planning, and the rhythm for the global us/ca marketing and ridesharing leadership team to accelerate business.
responsible for building out a customer-centric agenda across the us/ca ridesharing business, s/he will be a proven and highly strategic, creative, and insight-driven marketer, who will craft core messaging frameworks and positioning for uber marketing efforts. s/he will leverage market intelligence and consumer insights to develop targeting, creative, and campaign strategies.

finally, s/he will collaborate cross functionally with the product, research, communications/policy, design, and brand teams to deliver world-class marketing communications that drive brand health, customer acquisition, engagement, and loyalty. s/he will will be a highly strategic, motivated, and goal-oriented individual.
a marketing visionary who understands fast-paced, technology-driven companies with strong growth goals, coupled with a love for delivering customers an unparalleled, delightful experience.
a builder who is comfortable with ambiguity, knows how to develop and lead strong, effective teams and create cohesion while implementing rigorous marketing discipline.
a candidate with a strong commitment to the customer, the team, and corporate ethics.

develop a us/ca-wide marketing strategy to accelerate growth and build the uber brand.
oversee large teams across research & insights, strategy (rider, driver, reputation), and field marketing.
define customer segments, identify needs, prioritize markets, and drive insights across the organization into all areas of marketing and other related functions.
provide leadership in strategic and operational planning with marketing, messaging, and go-to ­market plans for products and services, channel partnerships, and more.

work closely with cross-functional leaders within and outside of marketing to ensure fit between uber's core promise to the customer and the delivery of the product/service.
accountable for continually refining the marketing processes, procedures, metrics, and tools which will enable uber to achieve rapid growth goals.


demonstrated success in developing brand strategies, launching new products and businesses, as well as driving activation across various consumer touch points
omni-channel global marketing experience, with deep subject matter expertise across all channels

deep understanding of campaign channels and experience successfully managing multiple work streams concurrently

experience collaborating across teams, managing leaders across a complex organization
a proven strategist with engaging skills in verbal, written, and visual communications
experience in leading innovative initiatives that meet and exceed business and financial objectives; critical thinking, excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
strong drive for results; can be counted on to lead self and others to exceed goals successfully
sound understanding of data and analytics with proven ability to translate numbers and results to a wide variety of stakeholders
balance of analytical skills and creativity in order to drive an effective strategy to completion through business partners, agencies, and the us/ca marketing team

strong influencing skills; supporting your point of view to both peers and senior management
demonstrated success generating earned media
ability to manage effectively navigate through ambiguity to actionable recommendations/solutions

