Uber 691--Marketing-Analyst---Performance-Marketing-(Mexico-City)---Mexico-City--Mexico---Uber---Uber.Txt





we're looking for a marketing analyst on our performance marketing team to provide data expertise as we connect to foster growth and enhance user engagement. you possess a passion for improving techniques, processes, tracking, analytics insights, predictive modeling and technology used by marketing to achieve our bold supply and demand growth goals. you will help address the complex challenges of marketing effectiveness, roi, optimization strategies, rider behavior and channel effectiveness.

as a member of the marketing analytics team, you will also help define the way marketing performance is calibrated and help define what questions should be asked. you'll play an important part in finding opportunity fields to help the marketing function scale as we develop acquisition, retention and partnerships arms.

you will offer a deep marketing-driven data perspective while collaborating closely with design, product and engineering. you will be on the forefront of analysis, leveraging our data sources to propose new ideas and drive key strategic decisions through both offline and online efforts.


mine data and analytics at the rider level to gain a better understanding of their usage behaviors, including impacts of current marketing strategies
be a key partner on the performance marketing team. collaborate during project planning/prioritization meetings, stakeholder meetings, data prioritization meetings, etc
choose the proper metrics for tracking current and future experiments
develop dashboards that provide insights and visualization into rider and channel performance relative to kpis, projections, and historical performance
implement and analyze a/b or multivariate tests to provide in-depth insights to the marketing team on the test data and understanding of marketing drivers' effects
present findings to senior management to drive business and marketing decisions
use tools such as excel, mixpanel and tableau to work efficiently at scale


a bs/ms in engineering, computer science, mathematics, economics, statistics, or equivalent experience
minimum 5 years of analytical and database experience. marketing analytics or consulting experience is a plus
excellent sql skills
proficiency with multiple analytic and database tools common within a marketing organization (e.g., mixpanel, tableau, marketo, google analytics, etc.)
excellent data visualization skills. experience creating dashboard reporting in tableau or a similar visualization tool a plus
to balance attention to detail with swift execution
resourcefulness - moving quickly and executing to allow for continual iteration is a core qualification of our team


p
revious experience in marketing roles
experience in bi
