Uber 510--General-Manager----Central-Mexico---Mexico-City--Mexico---Uber---Uber.Txt






the general manager at uber is an incredibly demanding position, and the right person will be highly skilled, bold, and a leader. as the leader of uber in the territory, the gm is responsible for the development and growth of our business in one of the major international cities.

uber's core

the core of uber is in the city team, led by a general manager. they make the magic that is uber a reality. it is important and the qualities and capabilities of an uber gm mean you are an incredibly intelligent, skilled and highly sought-after professional.

"this is first and foremost a role for a strong marketer, focusing on reaching new users and extending the uber brand to the masses. but as the city lead, you'll also be responsible for operational excellence and maintaining 'uber' quality throughout the rider's experience. rider and partner support, local marketing, supply chain management, service quality management, social media, pr,
manage a p&l, and develop an amazing team
-- all of these sit under the gm. the role is centered on continual improvement and high quality. we believe in solving local problems with local solutions, so understanding your market and delivering custom messages is important. this is where creativity meets analytics."

and it's the cross of the analytical with the creative that makes the uber gm an exciting but challenging job. if you're passionate about being a truly gifted uber gm, we want to hear from you!

define uber's strategy in your cities and the broader region, including mexico city, third largest market in uber world wide
initiate creative local marketing strategies and user growth campaigns
oversee deployment and quality of supply chain (i.e. uber's driver partners)
oversee your territory's p&l to reach profitability targets
work with the policy team to oversee, local regulatory concerns and local politics
mentor and coach an amazing team of rapid growing dops and mms
work with cross functional areas and peers to deliver ambitious national growth targets
represent uber at local events and with local pr
communicate product/process needs to hq, work with product/engineering to deliver on them
help scale our other cities through developing and sharing best practices
continue to grow revenues and ridership
minimum of 8 years of consulting, investment banking, marketing or operations management experience but will consider other candidates
data-driven decision mentality and sound business judgment through deep analytical thinking
creative solutions driven mindset, with an execution oriented attitude
relevant experience in consumer service marketing is helpful
stellar networking skills and the ability to make smart partnerships happen
entrepreneurial bent with a willingness to be bold


