Uber 549--Lifecycle-Marketing-Manager--Apacx-Crm---Singapore--Singapore---Uber---Uber.Txt



as a lifecycle marketing manager, you will develop and project manage the roll out of multi-channel contact strategies for uber customer segments that optimize spend and maximize customer life stage migration. with the use of data to design the strategy for regional programs, you will get the opportunity to work closely with our in country marketing teams as well as other regional support functions.

develop and project manage the roll out of multi-channel contact strategies that optimize spend and maximize customer life stage migration
own planning, deployment and business readiness processes for crm campaign portfolio.
implement best practice for email, sms and mobile app to maximize roi.
provide input for building strategy around the email, dm, and sms approach
continuously test new targeting approaches to advance learning and results.
communicate customer insights, campaign results and crm roadmap to countries.


minimum of 5 years of experience in crm/direct marketing/database marketing with a track record of delivering measurable results.
experience with campaign management tools such as exacttarget or other esp's.
in-depth experience in contact strategy, test design, program analysis, and crm system deployment.
good understanding of targeting models and customer segmentation.
strong project management skills
excellent written and verbal communication
proven track record of working within a geographically dispersed, multi-functional team.
experience building and delivering presentations at an executive level.


the regional customer relationship management team is responsible for the definition and implementation of automated tools and processes to deliver driver, rider and eater communication throughout their lifecycle. through experimentation and collaboration our team pilots new mechanisms, produces campaigns, oversees cross-channel execution, tracks performance, creates data flows for campaign automation and provides input on global technology plans to ensure support of apac's needs.

