Uber 560--Machine-Learning-Systems-Engineer--Self-Driving---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt





are you passionate about designing machine learning systems that power real-world applications? do you specialize in scaling machine learning algorithms to run on very large datasets in distributed scenarios? are you excited about using machine learning to make self-driving cars a reality? if you answered yes to one or more of these, this might be your dream job!

as a machine learning systems engineer you will be designing machine learning platforms and pipelines for training and running machine learning models that solve perception, prediction, tracking, and motion planning problems to bring self-driving car features to life. this is your chance to develop cutting-edge technology that will help change the future of transportation around the world!
machine learning algorithms and their implementations e.g., spark, hadoop, tensorflow, caffe, cntk, neon, torch etc
working with big data, processing millions of samples and billions of features for modeling
building and owning production models, pipelines, and runtimes
crowdsourcing and machine teaching technologies like crowdflower and mturk

a bs in machine learning, computer vision, robotics, or related field
a strong quantitative background
excellent software development skills in one or more of c, c++, java, or python
excellent presentation and communication skills
minimum two years of experience in software design and development

an ms or phd in machine learning, computer vision or robotics
experience with mapreduce and streaming paradigms such as spark, hadoop, or pig
experience with scalable data and analytics infrastructure such as nosql, dynamodb, kafka, bigtable, lucene, elasticsearch, rdbms and presto
experience in designing and building infrastructure and web services at large scale
track record of building and shipping machine learning features in products
minumum five years of experience in software design and development
prior work in automotive applications


at the advanced technologies group (atg), we are building technologies that will transform the way the world moves. our teams in pittsburgh, san francisco, phoenix, and toronto are dedicated to mapping, software and hardware development, vehicle safety, and operations for self-driving technology. our teams are passionate about developing a self-driving system that will one day move people and things around more safely, efficiently, and cost effectively.

the machine teaching and interactive learning team is responsible for building "oracles" used for machine learning at the uber atg.
