Uber 647--Lead-Product-Manager---Customer-Obsession---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt





when figuring out to do, we start with what is best for our customer. that can be hard, but we refuse to settle. instead, we innovate to deliver magical experiences for both the drivers and riders using the uber platform. many companies talk about being customer-focused, but we are customer obsessed. we are committed to figuring out what matters to our customers and then doing everything in our power to deliver it.

as a leader in the product management team for customer obsession, you will be responsible for the strategy and development of self-service and proactive support systems to deliver exceptional customer experiences across mobile, web and in-person engagement platforms for riders, drivers, eaters, restaurants and businesses using uber. you will be using best of breed technologies, and latest machine learning and data science techniques to accomplish this at scale that has never been done before in the industry.

lead the team to deliver software systems for uber customers and operations teams to self-serve and solve issues across mobile, web and in-person engagement platforms.

work closely with a massive community operations organization to build efficient and scalable customer support experiences

communicate effectively with executive stakeholders on the state of both the business and the product of customer support

internalize and deeply understand uber's mission and strategies, as well as the mission and objectives of your specific team

distill vision and strategy for the team, get all members of cross-functional team #superpumped.

be incredibly truth-seeking. collect whatever data is necessary to inform product direction, whether in the form of competitive intel, rider behavior or other business metrics. solicit and welcome critical feedback.

drive cross-functional team to set qualitative objectives and quantitative goals

drive innovation, definition, deliverables planning (roadmap) and design of entirely new uber products and product features to deliver against team and company goals. requires challenging all members of cross-functional team (engineering, design, etc.) to think boldly and creatively and then to funnel that energy into concrete products and execution plans.

drive definition of and execution against product go-to-market plan, including phasing and marketing.

monitor and measure launched products and feed insights back into product development process.

clearly communicate product plans, benefits and results, as appropriate, to a spectrum of audiences, from internal stakeholders to all uber employees to riders.



this role demands real passion for the customer, great technical depth, principled thinking, well-honed product judgment, a stubborn refusal to settle, bold innovation, a high design bar and a mentality of starting with the customer first and working backwards
a computer science undergraduate degree or other engineering degree equivalent.

at least 4 years experience delivering highly successful and innovative dev platforms or reporting platforms with your signature all over them.

excellent understanding of mobile development, mobile networking, and performance technical domains.

data-driven decision making ability.

a "driver" personality - constantly pushing toward clarity and delivery while balancing the need for great collaboration.

high standards across the board - from your own contributions to the people you work with to the products you work on.

grittiness: you don't hesitate to take initiative and address something hands-on, you persevere when others give up.

passion for uber's mission and the company's hybrid technology / operations nature.

a deep desire to grow and learn.


we build the entire customer support infrastructure and our mission is to make uber the preferred choice by delivering exceptional customer experiences through continuous investments in best of breed, self-service and proactive support systems. we set out to do that every single day by building scalable platforms that all of uber's growing businesses can plug into.

