Uber 67--Community-Operations-Manager---Cairo---Egypt---Uber---Uber.Txt

about the role

at uber, providing amazing support that establishes trust for riders and driver partners-our community-is a core feature of our product experience. we invest in it and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the smartest, most efficient way. we're looking for a community operations manager to develop and lead support efforts for our new support operations center. community operations is pioneering how uber manages rider and driver partner support around the globe. this will be a managerial role with a heavy focus on people management, leading leaders, data analytics, and process continuous improvement. those interested should be excited to demonstrate these skills and be eager to lead.
you'll be tasked with scaling support in an innovative way at a company that's growing rapidly and changing constantly.
help lead a team of front-line support representatives to provide world-class support to our community of users.
be a passionate advocate for all riders and driver partners and answer any questions that come your way in a fast moving environment
listen attentively to the voice of uber's community and provide feedback to the rest of the company.
be the owner of our community support performance metrics.
dive deep into the performance numbers, perform gap analysis and take data--driven actions to increase the quality and the reactivity of our community service.
ensure the collaboration of our engineering and operation teams to improve internal tools and user experience.
be in charge of guiding development and improvement projects for community support at french and european scale including:
development of new products/solutions.
leading operational excellence projects.

a love of process and optimization. you will be revolutionizing support for the uber community. you're excited about the opportunity to create and experiment with support processes, and are willing and able to lead others in utilizing them.
a data-driven and analytical mindset. you can look at any spreadsheet and know the right questions to ask to get to actionable outcomes, and you know how to explain data in a digestible way. you have excellent excel skills. bonus points if you have sql, coding, or programming experience.
incredible empathy and understanding of both riders and driver partners alike. you will be an excellent advocate for uber's users and are passionate about the community experience.
calm under pressure. you have excellent organizational skills, integrity, and great follow-through on tasks.
natural curiosity. you love learning how things work and you're always looking for ways to innovate. you enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results.
word-savviness. you're eloquent and able to strike the perfect tone, whether you're explaining a new policy to riders or drivers, explaining the importance of certain complicated metrics, or responding to support issues over email.
a bachelor's degree in business, economics, finance or any science- related fields.
prior professional experience with optimization, processes, systematic organization, program/project management.
demonstrated data/analytics experience; excel and ideally sql proficiency.
excellent writing and verbal communication skills
arabic fluency is a must (written and verbal)
the ability to working and communicate cross-functionally
