Uber 612--Consumer-Analytics-And-Insights-Manager---Ubereats-Apac---Singapore--Singapore---Uber---Uber.Txt





we are looking for an apac regional operations manager to drive marketplace efficiency to the next level across the region, by designing and executing processes, projects, and experiments inspired by a deep and analytical
understanding of our business.

this person will take on very complex problems that can be solved pulling many different levers and can be optimised over many objectives.

regional operations managers are the leaders of the operations team. whether creating processes, international experiments or pilots in cities across apac, this role is dynamic and fast thinking.

this person will work closely with city, product, legal, hq and community operations teams to improve our marketplace efficiency and profitability.




efficiency.
identify which are the main areas of improvement to optimise marketplace efficiency across all apac cities. map and optimise interactions and configurations between all the players of the marketplace (users, delivery partners, restaurants)
analytics.
we use data to inform our decisions; you'll quickly identify what data you need to solve a problem and how to analyse it to get to your answer. you'll have experience dealing with complex data sets, deriving insights and checking against what you see in the real-world.
experimentation.
run experiments to validate your thesis and measure the impact with data. consolidate results into action plans.
communication and collaboration skills.
you'll work with different uber teams across apac, and all over the world. you excel at working with diverse teams, understanding different perspectives, and building solutions together. you can advocate for your position, but provide the data and insights to convince others to follow your lead.
solutions-focused.
you seek out problems and innovate ways to solve them. you have autonomy to make changes to uber in your city, and possess the skills to push our product to be the best it can be.
commitment to execute.
we only get better when we take the leap to make things happen. you should have a bias towards action and desire to see your ideas out in the world. you'll have experience taking things from a proposal to a solution and the hustle to make it happen.
product.

become the regional poc for relevant hq product teams to proactively search for new features which could improve existing supply kpis across the region by presenting data driven cases for changes.


at least 4 years of practical science or engineering work, consulting, investment banking, or of growing a startup
bachelor's degree in science, engineering, economics, finance, management, or similar field
particular preference is given to candidates with backgrounds in economics, econometrics, operations research, operations management, industrial engineering, statistics, or similar. if you think your background brings something to the table, we want to hear from you!
consistent track record of being a respected operational problem solver
data driven decision making mentality and sound business judgment through strong analytical thinking and experimentation methods
excellent prioritization skills and ability to juggle many responsibilities at once, adept at weighing importance of quick wins vs. long-term progress
demonstrated experience interpreting and presenting data to various audiences; ability to translate quantitative findings into action plans
strong communication and organization skills. ability to take initiative in a constantly-changing work environment
knowledge in sql, r, html is a plus
willingness to travel across the asia-pacific region when required

ubereats globally is pioneering how to deliver the best of your city right when you want it.  our team has taken the idea of food delivery and developed a start-up using data and institutional knowledge to create a world class service.  our regional operations team works with our in-country teams to optimize current processes, focus on business growth and ensure our customers have a seamless experience. internally, our team collaborates closely with others across the region as well as the globe, to ensure we are building a product that is consistently efficient and enjoyable.

