Uber 80--Backend-Software-Engineer---Payments-(Amsterdam)---Amsterdam--Netherlands---Uber---Uber.Txt




and that's just what we're doing today.

we're thinking about the future, too. with teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we're in for the long haul. we're reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.

uber's payments team is based in amsterdam, at the heart of our international engineering efforts. as a member of our team, you will dig into the complex but rewarding world of money, and work to enhance the platform with third-party payment integrations.

take a full-stack approach. each integration is unique and often requires a back-end, mobile and web component. you will be part of a cross-functional team which is developing the overall experience and architecture.
contribute at a global scale. despite being based in amsterdam, we work on integration for the overall uber platform. those integrations include alipay (300m users in china) and paypal (173m users). our systems support the entirety of uber's rider payments platform worldwide.
manage scale & reliability. our solutions support uber's always-on marketplace. maintaining this platform at scale requires constant investment in security, reliability and monitoring tooling.
innovate. we create platforms: payments is a central initiative for uber, and we are constantly innovating in this field.


intimate knowledge of the entire web stack and how each piece impacts performance and reliability
advanced knowledge of at least one programming language, and of oop patterns
thorough architecture understanding both on a theoretical level (e.g. rdbms vs. nosql) and on an applied level (e.g. redis vs. cassandra, python vs. javascript)
commitment to quality, performance, and efficiency
experience in taking ownership
design and business insight


experience with our technologies (python, go, node, kafka, redis, etc.)
full-stack development experience, including backend api design and applications development
experience working in systems handling high volume financial transactions
open source profile (such as github) with some interesting projects


visit
our engineering website
and
watch this video
to hear from our engineers what it's like to work at uber
be sure to check out the uber engineering
blog
to learn more about the team.
