Uber 49--Head-Of-Customer-Experience---Southwest-Europe---Madrid--Spain---Uber---Uber.Txt




the head of customer experience manages and is responsible for optimising all our customer interactions across all channels. his or her mission is to deliver a world class experience for every interaction we have and doing this in the most efficient and lean way possible for all our driver partners and riders. all this done in such a way that establishes trust for our community, which we think is an important and core feature of our product experience. it consists of managing and leading the team in the gls (5 locations, ~35 people) as well as managing the local community operations (virtual) management team. growing and managing the team from its current state will be key part of this role.

in the uber greenlight locations (gls) we help new partners get on the road for the first time, build engagement with the platform over time, and serve as a logistics hub for the city.  in the gls we strive, besides providing the best experience, to maximising the performance of the gls, raising the bar for our customer obsession. to accomplish this, you'll implement standard operating procedures for onboarding and engagement, and you'll lead the team to innovate tomorrow's new best practices.

on the virtual operations side, you and your team will be responsible to build, operate, scale and improve community operations in portugal, spain, italy, croatia. this role comes with a heavy focus on solving problems through data analytics and leading teams to deliver stellar outcomes. there is a large focus on continuous process improvement, on both the support and product side, while advocating passionately on behalf of our community to influence the overall customer experience. the role combines all these facets as well as managing stakeholder relationships across the broader business to set the right expectations and deliver handsomely on them. all of this in one of the most dynamic and fastest growing markets in the world.
your leadership will instill inspiration and confidence throughout the team and gls in your territory, manage stakeholders, bring the two teams together while being an advocate of our customers and bringing groups throughout the region together as a single team focused on building a successful advantage by growing and strengthening our customer obsession.

a skilled leader
. as a manager overseeing a substantial management team, you'll have tremendous impact on the overall culture. you are passionate about guiding and developing teams to perform at the highest levels while maintaining an enjoyable and passionate atmosphere.
a lover of process and optimization
. you will be completely transforming customer interactions for the uber community. you're excited about the opportunity to create and experiment with processes and modalities, and are willing and able to lead others utilizing them.
a good communicator and stakeholder manager
. you are able to strike the right tone and are a great stakeholder manager across the business both locally as international
data-driven and analytical in mindset
. you can look at any spreadsheet and know the right questions to ask to get to actionable outcomes, and you know how to explain data in a digestible way.
incredibly empathetic and understanding of both riders and driver partners situations alike
. you will be an excellent advocate for uber's users within the business and are passionate about improving the customer experience.
collected and calm under pressure
. you have superb organizational skills, integrity, and great follow-through on tasks.
open and curious
. you love learning how things work and you're always looking for ways to innovate. you enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results.


integrate the glh and comm-ops organisations and processes into one structured and organisation
you'll be tasked with scaling support in an innovative way at a company that's growing at an amazing speed and changing constantly. you're prepared to:
lead a large team of gl and comm-ops, and forefront support representatives to provide world-class support to our community of users.
be a key strategic voice in helping build one of uber's biggest market
transform our current systems and interactions into something that drives immense value and insights for the company
dive deep into the numbers and make data-driven process improvements along the line
be a passionate advocate for all riders and driver partners and answer any questions that come your way in a high stress, fast moving environment.
owning the success metrics for supply growth and operational slas, business targets, and financial performance of comm-ops and gls throughout the region

collecting and reporting on regional performance data, with a particular emphasis on trend identification and actionable insights
working with general managers, city teams, regional teams, facilities, and other stakeholders to manage headcount, budget and space planning
maintain consistency of operational efficiency and customer experience through every channel (in-person, in-app, phone etc.) and at every greenlight location in your region


minimum 4 years of operational leadership experience. this must include experience in managing large teams with overall ownership preferred in a (large (international) company.
proven track record of excellent people management experience with demonstrated ability to effectively manage, set team goals, develop people to their highest levels of performance, and guide your teams through challenging managerial situations
leading by example with experience empowering a team to execute under pressure and tight deadlines
prior professional experience with optimization, processes, systematic organization, program/project management. lean six sigma preferred
high emotional iq to expertly manage relationships with partners, influencers, and co-workers
data-driven decision mentality and sound business judgment through strong analytical thinking
strong planning and organizational skills; attention to detail
fluency in english and local language required
mba or engineering graduate degree from a top school preferred
