Uber 605--General-Manager--North-Asia---Singapore--Singapore---Uber---Uber.Txt





the general manager is one of the most demanding positions uber has to offer; it requires a unique combination of talent, courage, and leadership. as the leader of uber in each region, the rgm is responsible for the development and sustainable growth of our business and people.

the core of uber is in our cities, working together with country and regional teams, led by a regional general manager. they make the magic that is uber a reality. it's a big deal, and the qualities and capabilities required of an uber rgm mean you are an incredibly intelligent, talented, and highly sought-after professional.

this is first and foremost a role for a strong, analytical marketer, focusing on reaching new users and extending the uber brand in a relevant and thoughtful way across local markets. as the rgm, you'll also be responsible for operational excellence and maintaining and continuously improving ‘uber' quality throughout the rider's experience, customer support, local marketing, supply chain management, service quality management, social media and pr.

this role requires excellent collaboration across different functional and specialised teams, and can bridge the gap with city, regional, and hq teams. we need leaders that are visionaries and can build, coach and inspire high performing teams to reach their potential. we believe in solving local problems with local solutions, so understanding your market and delivering custom messages is important.

it's the intersection of the analytical with the creative that makes the uber gm an incredibly difficult job to fill and the impact on our people and our business that make it such a great job to have!



lead a team of incredibly smart, passionate and diverse people - championing our culture and employee brand
empower the local city teams to become part of the transport ecosystem in their cities - delivering on our mission and improving the ways cities work. this includes:
manage local regulatory concerns and local politics in partnership with our regional policy and communications teams
collaborate with our regional marketing team to initiate creative local strategies and user growth campaigns
manage deployment and quality of supply chain (i.e. uber's driver partners)
represent uber at local events and with local pr
communicate product/process needs to hq, work with product/engineering to deliver on them
work with other rgms to help scale our other cities through developing and sharing best practices
work in partnership with business development to identify and help support relevant and value creating strategic partnerships and alliances for each of your markets
continue to grow and build upon today to drive a sustainable business for tomorrow

10+ years of relevant experience in consulting, investment banking, marketing or operations management experience; experience leading large teams
a data-driven decision mentality and sound business judgment achieved through a strong analytical mindset
a creative, solutions focused approach, with a focus on achieving results
relevant experience in consumer service marketing is advantageous
stellar networking skills and the ability to make smart partnerships happen
an entrepreneurial dna
an eye for great talent and the ability to unlock the potential of high performing teams
