Uber 507--Inventory-Clerk---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt

our

work

doesn't

end

with

transporting

people.

we

are

also

developing

self-driving

truck

technology

to

move

goods

more

safely

and

cost

effectively

around

the

world.

we

are

working

to

make

the

process

of

moving

people

and

goods

safer

and

more

efficient.
uatc is seeking inventory clerks to:
pick, lift, organize and move standard hardware, raw material, purchased parts, machined details, and assemblies
assemble racks, locate parts, organize supplies, and any other tasks directed by the inventory control manager
assemble kits of parts, materials, and hardware as required and assure that all parts are accounted for and available in kit
monitor shelf-life storage and maintain proper rotation of stock
move parts between facilities and local vendors; driver's license required
understand, identify and fulfill part demand and inventory minimums and maximums
interface with quality, purchasing and other teams to resolve problems related to receipt and distribution of material
follow best practices and safety standards for material handling
insure proper use, inspection and maintenance of equipment, including but not limited to pallet jacks and lift trucks
perform facilities maintenance duties as needed such as sweeping, dusting, and mopping
interface with various inventory and administrative applications
lift up to 60 pounds
here are the kinds of skills we're looking for:
fast

learner
. we're looking for team members who flourish by applying their knowledge, learning new technologies and don't believe in one-size-fits-all solutions. you should be able to adapt easily to meet the rapid pace of a rapidly evolving research, development, and testing environment.
fearlessness
. you think a working proof-of-concept is the best way to make a point. you strive on showing that speed and quality are not conflicting; that you can achieve both at the same time.
versatility
. in addition to having an intimate knowledge of core engineering fields, you understand how all the pieces fit together into integrated systems, and how they impact performance.
passion
. you feel ownership over everything you ship; you'd never call code or design "released" until you're confident it's correct. you pride yourself on efficient monitoring, strong documentation, and proper test coverage.
a

team

player
. you believe that you can achieve more on a team — that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. you rely on others' candid feedback for continuous improvement.
design

and

business

acumen
. you understand requirements beyond the written word and how your technical contributions will influence the viability of future products. whether you're working on a software library used by other developers, a sensor to be retrofitted on a test vehicle, or a printed circuit to be mass produced, the other members of the team can depend on the quality of your work to rapidly advance our goals.
employees are showered with uber credits each month.
the rare opportunity to change the world such that everyone around you is using the product you built. we're not just another social web app, we're moving real people and assets and reinventing transportation and logistics globally.
sharp, motivated co-workers in a fun office environment.
