Uber 294--Head-Of-Creative---Apacx---Singapore--Singapore---Uber---Uber.Txt




we're looking for a world class business leader and creative thinker to lead uber's creative team for asia, to play a leading role in defining and shaping the uber brand across asia through the delivery of innovative and creative campaigns.

the head of creative will lead the internal creative team - a group of talented creatives, designers and copywriters to design, create and deliver creative and campaigns across the region for both uber and ubereats. they will partner closely with the brand and media teams, external creative agencies and uber country teams across the region to define, plan and execute campaigns that build resonance and affinity with consumers across the region.

ideally you are someone with a proven track record of leading agency and creative teams to deliver successful campaigns for large brands and clients. you are able to break down business problems to inspire strong creative thinking. you love people and have a passion for developing and shaping high performing teams.

you understand the changing nature of the consumer landscape, you think holistically through problems and understand how the online and offline world come together to create a true holistic experience.

lead the creative team in apac - which includes the management of creative talent within the team and managing workflow and resource to deliver campaigns and creative projects.
partner and collaborate with the brand team, local country teams and external agencies to execute campaigns across asia.
be the conduit between operations, marketing and creative - translating business and consumer insights into briefs and thinking that inspires powerful creative.
ability to develop, lead and inspire a multidisciplinary experience creative team, encompassing: visual design, copy, activations, events  and campaigns
work closely with brand, research and strategy and help refine and push insights to produce better briefs and creative thinking.
resource and guide concepting, design development and production from planning through delivery; steer the creative throughout process.
mentor and lead staff to maintain consistent creative quality and timely delivery of campaigns and creative work.


minimum of 10 years of experience.
senior level experience leading teams and campaigns at advertising agencies and working with large brands.  experience in client management, strategic planning and/or producing large scale campaigns preferred.
a track record of shaping, planning and executing  successful campaigns and telling powerful stories.
ability to develop and lead  a multidisciplinary experience team, encompassing: visual design, copy, interaction design, and advertising campaigns.
strong knowledge of mobile, digital media and  production
excellent ability to pitch and manage executive leaders and sell through ideas from concept through execution
keen ability to navigate originating ideas/brand experiences
flair and brand ownership - setting a clear creative quality bar, tone of voice and brand personality.
proven leadership skills with experience guiding teams.  you must be able to manage and inspire a team of young creatives whether it's a launch campaign or a digital banner.
experience in leadership and in inspiring others. emotionally intelligent with a deep interest in managing young talent..
