Uber 322--Product-Manager--Vehicle-Solutions---Bangalore--India---Uber---Uber.Txt





about the team: vehicle solutions
the vehicle solutions team in bangalore is responsible for two business line verticals - rentals and financiers which ensure supply side growth by bringing vehicles into the uber marketplace. additionally this team will also be involved in building vehicle owner tools. as part of this - the team has developed a platform to ingest, store and analyze telematics data (from 3rd party gps devices, obd2 devices and vehicle sensors) in real-time to help prevent vehicle theft, track vehicle mileage utilization, prevent multi-apping, promote standard maintenance compliance, identify unsafe driving behavior to reduce insurance costs, reduce reassignment turn time etc. the team has also built a comprehensive maintenance platform to help manage and optimize vehicle depreciation and operational costs (and thereby achieve neutral to positive net margin while offering attractive lease / rental prices to drivers).
uber's bangalore center is looking to hire senior product management leaders for a our global vehicle solutions charter. this key role within our driver products team will be pivotal in shaping uber's vehicle supply growth trajectory across our markets - both developed and emerging.
we are looking for experienced and entrepreneurial product leaders with an “owner” mindset, to help build and scale a world-class products. if you are excited about fundamentally re-imagining transportation access, impacting the lives of millions of drivers, working with and learning from a phenomenal team of product, engineering, operations, and business leaders, this is the role for you.
in this role you will build enterprise grade products that interfaces with some of uber's key vehicle partners to unlock efficiencies and unleash new vehicle supply growth opportunities for uber; combining strategic thinking with crisp execution to deliver unique value-creating products and services for our most important emerging markets including india, brazil, and southeast asia.
strong pm execution skills are a given; including but not limited to creating clear roadmaps; cross-functional collaboration; relentless prioritisation; understanding the difference between experiment, mvp, and whole-product; strong communications; and experience rolling out multiple products to market at scale. the ultimate measure of success in this role will be your direct impact on the growth and health of uber's riders across the world.

qualifications and experience:
experience building and leading businesses in india or other relevant emerging markets, including ownership of business performance metrics.
a technical undergraduate degree and/or equivalent work experience in a high growth company or startup. technical understanding must go from the highest abstractions down to the metal.
5+ years experience delivering highly successful and innovative consumer internet products with your fingerprints all over them - you're extremely proud of what you've accomplished.
stellar design instincts and product taste.
a high bar across the board - from your own contributions to the people you work with to the products you work on.
a “driver” personality - constantly pushing toward clarity and delivery while balancing the need for great collaboration.
grittiness. you never hesitate to roll up your sleeves and tackle something hands-on, you persevere when others fall away.
finger-tippiness with data: you just go get the data you need with no muss/fuss and can whip it into an insightful story with no help. you know how to leverage data to make decisions without getting stuck in analysis paralysis.
user-centricity - examples from your past of product challenges that you powered through because you were unwilling to make your problems your users' problems.
passion for uber's mission and the company's hybrid technology / operations nature.
a never-ending desire to grow and learn.

