Uber 253--Head-Of-Global-Physical-Security---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt




what you will do
the global security team is dedicated to protecting all things uber - with a major focus on our most important asset, our people.  the head of global physical security will lead this mission using a data driven and risk based approach to support uber operations, and set the vision and strategy for creating a world-class security organization.

as the head of global physical security you will be responsible overseeing operations, budget and setting priorities and strategic vision for protecting uber's people and assets.  the successful candidate for this role will be a strategic thinker, with strong management skills and deep knowledge of building creative, effective solutions to make processes, operations and teams more resilient.


design and execute on a strategic vision for physical security at uber.
drive alignment between physical security, ops, and other key partner teams.
represent safety & security at the executive level.
report key program metrics and updates to executive leadership on a regular basis.
what you will need
the head of global physical security will bring 10+ years of progressive experience in physical security leadership positions of increasing scope and responsibility, with at least four years at the leadership level in a corporate environment.  the ideal candidate will have had experience as a sitting head of physical security for a large global company in combination with significant experience in a law enforcement agency.

additionally, the head of global physical security will possess:

deep knowledge and experience with risk management, executive protection, and security operations.
proven track record leading strategic, global teams in fast-paced, high visibility environments.
effective communicator who can establish credibility with the executive leadership team and will earn the respect and trust of his or her peers, direct reports, and superiors for his or her integrity, ethics, and ability to set a standard for their leadership to follow.
strong interpersonal, leadership, communication and written skills with proven success supporting and influencing executive leadership.
experience managing security programs and processes across geographies and cultures.
proven ability to coordinate cross functional initiatives with a variety of stakeholders across management layers.
travel as required to get things done.

