Uber 377--General-Manager---Dhaka---Dhaka--Bangladesh---Uber---Uber.Txt


uber is a technology company that is changing the way the world thinks about transportation. we are building technology people use everyday. whether it's heading home from work, getting a meal delivered from a favorite restaurant, or a way to earn extra income, uber is becoming part of the fabric of daily life.
we're making cities safer, smarter, and more connected. and we're doing it at a global scale-energizing local economies and bringing opportunity to millions of people around the world.

the city general manager at uber is by far the most demanding position uber has to offer; the city general manager at uber is an incredibly demanding position, and the right person will be highly skilled, bold, and a leader. as the leader of uber in each city, the gm is responsible for the development and growth of our business in one of the major international cities.

uber's core:
the core of uber is in the city team, led by a general manager. they make the magic that is uber a reality. it's a big deal and the qualities and capabilities required of an uber gm mean you are an incredibly intelligent, talented and highly sought-after professional.

this is a role for a strong marketer, focusing on reaching new users and extending the uber brand to the masses. but as the city lead, you'll also be responsible for operational excellence and maintaining ‘uber' quality throughout the rider's experience. p & l management , rider and partner support, local marketing, supply chain management, service quality management, social media, pr, people management — all of these sit under the gm.continual improvement and a quality focus are the name of the game. we believe in solving local problems with local solutions, so understanding your market and delivering custom messages is important. this is where creativity meets analytics head on.
and it's the cross of the analytical with the creative that makes the uber gm an incredibly difficult job to fill.

initiate creative local marketing strategies and user growth campaigns
oversee deployment and quality of supply chain (i.e. uber's driver partners)
represent uber at local events and with local pr
oversee local regulatory concerns and local politics
oversee your city's p&l
communicate product/process needs to hq, work with product/engineering to deliver on them
help scale our other cities through developing and sharing best practices
define uber's strategy in your city and the broader region.
continue to grow revenues and ridership

what you need to know/have:
8+ years of consulting, investment banking, marketing or operations management experience
data-driven decision mentality and sound business judgment through strong analytical thinking
creative solutions driven mindset
relevant experience in consumer service marketing is helpful
stellar networking skills and the ability to make smart partnerships happen
entrepreneurial dna and fear tolerance of a honey-badger


