Uber 138--Automotive-Occupant-Packaging-Engineer---Pittsburgh--Pa---Uber---Uber.Txt





do you enjoy technology?  are you an independent problem solver with a high level of technical curiosity? are you willing to put in lots of good ideas to help bring new technologies from prototype to production? uatg is hiring highly skilled  engineers who have great attention to detail, are experts solving problems, have a deep passion for cars, and will maintain a calm professional attitude under all situations. travel to various locations will be required.
work with safety engineers, regulatory specialists, and designers to rapidly innovate in the transportation space
analyze new vehicle occupancy and cargo concepts working with various engineering disciplines to determine legality and feasibility
develop digital (ramsis or similar) safety and comfort models that quickly inform vehicle layout, seating and closure strategies
develop physical models and mockups that inform vehicle layouts, seating and closure decisions
create and conduct ergonomic studies for ingress/egress, comfort, occupant rider experience, and platform benchmarking
identify vehicle package targets and develop alternative solutions balancing trade-offs (comfort, function, weight, cost, manufacturing feasibility, etc.)
benchmark and catalogue current market vehicles for safety, ergonomics and occupant transportation
formulate and analyze strategies around transportation occupancy

minimum 10 years of direct experience at an oem design studio or tier 1 supplier design team
minimum 5 years experience in vehicle level occupant package
deep knowledge of automotive development processes, along with the complex criteria involved
extensive vehicle systems, attributes, and functional hardware knowledge
recent hands on catia v5 assembly and mechanical design experience
high levels of proficiency in digital ergonomic modeling solutions like ramsis
experience creating vehicle mockups and conducting studies therein
outstanding communication skills
passion for best in class human experience
proven ability to bring concept solutions into volume production


at the advanced technologies group (atg), we are building technologies that will transform the way the world moves. our teams in pittsburgh, san francisco, phoenix, and toronto are dedicated to mapping, software and hardware development, vehicle safety, and operations for self-driving technology. our teams are passionate about developing a self-driving system that will one day move people and things around more safely, efficiently, and cost effectively.

our hardware team's role is to develop and integrate uber self-driving technologies into existing and future vehicle platforms of multiple oem's at scale.
