Uber 197--Design-Engineer--Design-Platform---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt





we are looking for a seasoned design engineer for our platform design team.
design engineers at uber work closely with designers and engineers to create ground breaking technologies and systems.  design engineers at uber are passionate about the aesthetics and elegance of design solutions, and are able to work around technology limitations and invent novel ways to solve seemingly impossible problems.  they focus on rendering complex and data rich uis that are both beautiful and pixel perfect.

collaborate with design partners to create interactive prototypes, ranging from mvps to highly polished experiences.
explore the creative application of technology.  ensure that concepts are developed with the full range of technical capabilities.
demonstrate value of new ideas and help to define platform level ui across multiple products and business areas.
define and build tools and frameworks that can be largely used by the broader design and engineering team for a variety of needs, e.g., as a medium for designers to communicate an idea, as a tool for user research, or as a high-fidelity specification for engineers to build from.
evangelize the importance of prototyping and help set up the frameworks and tools that empower designers to rapidly realize their prototypes.
develop prototyping methods contribute to production code base.

bs in computer science or equivalent, advanced degree preferred
4+ years experience ux engineering and/or front end engineering
experience in modern web application architecture with es6, react, node.js, npm, yarn, webpack
experience shipping and maintaining a medium-large scale web application
familiarity with web-based graphics - canvas, webgl, d3.js, three.js
excellent software engineering skills, with the intuition to make the right time vs. complexity trade-offs for rapid prototyping
excellent communication, collaboration, and stakeholder management skills
ability to deal with ambiguity to problem-solve in brand new domains
passion for uber's mission and products


the platform design team is responsible for making sure teams have the ability to ship high quality and consistent product experiences that reflect uber's experience principles; allowing teams across the organization to easily find and reuse common elements, components, layout/templates, and toolkits.
