Uber 6--Engineering-Manager---Uber-Maps---Bangalore--India---Uber---Uber.Txt




are you excited by the idea of mining rich sensor data to unearth valuable information that will help optimize logistics and transportation across the world? are you excited by the prospect of helping move people and things more efficiently around the world? if you have answered yes to any of these questions, you might be a great fit for this team at uber!

as part of uber's larger mapping effort, we are building data pipelines that extract valuable bits of information from imagery and gps data in order to optimize and augment maps.  this will have a direct impact on both riders and drivers by helping them connect faster and more efficiently.

we are looking for an experienced engineering manager who can help identify the key open challenges, create a viable road-map and lead a team of world class machine learning scientists and data engineers to execute on solutions.  we also expect the person to be data oriented - i.e. be able to set up experiments that will generate the data to drive decisions.  you will get a chance to use your skills to solve some of the toughest problems uber faces in the geo-spatial domain using state-of-the-art compute infrastructure and tools.  and all this while rubbing shoulders with some of the best scientists and engineers looking to revolutionize transportation at uber.
here are the kinds of skills we're looking for:
experience as a technical leader and manager for at least 5+ years.
experience going through the full software cycle of requirements, design, coding/testing best practices and continuous integration in delivering world class software and services.
strong leader and people manager with experience in setting a strong vision/roadmap for your team with a track record of delivering results while growing/mentoring engineers on your team.
strong programming skills in either java, c++, python, or c#
experience with developing big-data processing pipelines over hadoop or similar technologies.
experience with machine learning/statistical inferencing technologies such as random forests, deep nets., bayesian nets, etc.
experience in mapping, computer vision, or computational geometry is a plus.
ph.d. in a quantitative field preferred but not required.

