Uber 448--Brand-Content-Manager--Ubereats---France---Paris--France---Uber---Uber.Txt


ubereats launched in march 2016 in france and is now the most downloaded food delivery app with more than 1.5m downloads. we are now available in 11 cities, delivering from over 3,000 restaurants and growing quickly!
ubereats delivers the best of your city right when you want it. our curated menus feature dishes from the local spots you love and the ones you've always wanted to try. it's the same cashless payment as an uber ride. you just have to tap the app and get your food delivered right to your doorstep and enjoy!

the ideal candidate will have a track record of writing and producing
compelling content that captivates users through every stage of the customer journey for email, sms, the web and beyond.
you'll join on the ground floor as we build this critically important function within the
marketing team
. we'll look to you to help write and build a cornucopia of content that is performance driven and, most importantly, valuable to our users.


storytelling, brand, and content - own the ubereats brand in your city, create compelling stories for our audience, and help drive more users into the funnel.
partner with creative strategists, marketing managers and visual designers to plan and write digital content for customers in france.
craft compelling copy and help build a narrative together with our crm team.
manage content across the editorial cycle, including copywriting, measurement, and reporting.
write on-brand copy, switching between style and format to suit an array of online platforms.
partner with cross-functional teams and external third-parties to plan and manage worldwide content initiatives.



2-5 years of social and content marketing experience.
strong writing skills especially in the context of consumer marketing. you'll define the tone of voice for ubereats communication and will be supervising the creation of user content.
love for social media - proven track record of creating and leading content for large social presences.
ability to project-manage and multitask at scale, working with cross functional groups and external third parties as required
a good eye for design - you know what goes into a great photo, you can create beautiful print layouts, and you can't wait to draw out the beauty in everyday dining experiences and use it to create a compelling story for our users.
great interpersonal skills to work effectively across multiple teams in a fast-changing environment

bonus point if:
a foodie. we want people who are passionate about food and want to revolutionize the way great quality food is delivered in their own city.

