Uber 372--Cartography-Designer---Internship_Co-Op-(Summer-2018)---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt





the cartography team at uber is looking for a full-time design intern to join us this summer! we're seeking talented and thoughtful design interns to help define and execute against a giant vision that builds upon what uber has brought to the world so far. learn what it takes to design and ship amazing mapping product experiences for millions of users. work alongside product managers, engineers, researchers, and other designers to create elegant and compelling digital map designs.


work side-by-side with talented, thoughtful product designers.
you'll be embedded directly in uber's cartography team, working on a project in close collaboration with other designers.
experience what it takes to design for millions of users – and hopefully teach us something too.
designers at uber live and breathe prototypes – and are always up-to-date on the latest and greatest prototyping tools. during your internship at uber, you'll test out your design ideas with all kinds of high-and-low fidelity prototypes. by the end of your internship, you'll be fully versed in the latest and greatest new tools and trends.
work alongside other members of map & product teams to get the fit and finish right. you'll experience release cycles and learn what details matter at each stage of the product development process.
present your work to the design team, and leave with valuable learnings and portfolio pieces.


must be actively enrolled in an undergraduate or graduate design program, or cartography (or related) program with a focus on design, or be a recent grad from an undergraduate or graduate design program, or cartography (or related) program with a focus on design.
candidates should be thoughtful about crisp, clean interfaces and human interaction design.
candidates should be passionate about digital maps (or really excited to learn).
candidates should be strong with design tools such as adobe photoshop, adobe illustrator, adobe after effects, sketch, figma, invision, etc.
mapping tool experience such as mapbox and gis applications is highly encouraged.
programming knowledge such as html, javascript, css, and command line is encouraged.
prototyping and motion design experience is encouraged.


you're versed in design engineering, such as modern front end web development, code-based prototyping tools like framer, or scripting.
you're a motion whiz and can whip up designs in programs like after effects with ease.
you're an expert in a tool and can teach the team something new.
you have experience with navigation concepts


the cartography team at uber is a design team embedded on the uber maps platform team. we are responsible for the design and experience of map states within uber's apps, and we collaborate closely with product teams to ensure map interaction is modern and versatile. we are a mix of traditional cartographers + designers, with a wide range of industry experience in the mapping, navigation, transit, data visualization, wayfinding, and autonomy fields. we are passionate about modern map design and the vast potential of digital maps beyond what we think of them today.

all submissions will be reviewed and qualified candidates contacted in january 2018 for next steps.


must submit portfolio along with resume for consideration.
