Uber 3--Group-Product-Manager---Ubereverything---Uber-Eats---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt





ubereats is our food delivery platform that makes getting great food from your favorite local restaurants as easy as requesting a ride. as group product manager for ubereats, you will be responsible for multiple program teams including overall metrics and business impact. you will hire and develop a team of product managers into strong leaders and help your programs craft their objectives, kpis and roadmaps. you will be a product leader within ubereverything, helping lead the creation of uber's next set of businesses.

minimum 8+ years experience delivering highly successful and innovative products with your fingerprints all over them — and you're deeply proud of what you've accomplished

real passion for people management. you have deep experience leading teams of pms. you are passionate about coaching, mentoring and making great pms even better

computer science undergraduate degree or equivalent, ideally including hands-on software engineering experience. technical understanding must go from the highest abstractions down to the metal

focused on building businesses, not features. entrepreneurial experience building and leading businesses, including ownership and optimization of business performance metrics

finger-tippiness with data. you find a way to get the data you need and whip it into an insightful story with no help. you know how to use this data to make decisions without getting stuck in analysis paralysis.

customer passionate. you take on complex product challenges and simplify them to avoid making them our users and partner's problems

“driver” personality. you are biased toward action, a great collaborator, a master disambiguator/simplifier, and constantly pushing toward clarity and delivery

grittiness. you never hesitate to roll up your sleeves and take on something hands-on

high bar across the board — from your own contributions, to the people you work with, to the products you work on

true passion for uber's mission, our products, and the company's hybrid technology/operations nature
never ending desire to grow and learn
