Uber 237--Project-Analyst---Sao-Paulo--Brazil---Uber---Uber.Txt





at uber, support is more than just answering questions. it's about using the information customers give us as insights to help uber grow. moreover, providing amazing support that establishes trust within our community—riders, driver partners, ubereats customers and delivery partners—is at the centre of the uber customer experience. we're obsessed about providing the highest quality service, in the smartest way. and for uber to continue its growth and success, we need to be able to not only improve but also scale our fast-growing support operations.

we're looking for a content manager to get involved in building, operating, scaling and improving community operations for brazil. based at são paulo, this role comes with a focus on how we manage both external and internal content, such as the user interface of and information presented in uber's app, as well as team training resources and knowledge base used by hundreds of agents every day to solve our customer's problems. in addition this role will advocate passionately on behalf of our customers to influence the overall user experience.

an ace problem solver.
you embrace challenges, and would stop at nothing to create solutions--whether they're hacky, short-term workarounds, or more long-term process changes.
a brilliant communicator.
you're eloquent and able to strike the perfect tone, whether you're explaining a new policy to riders in writing, or explaining the recommendations of a data-driven study you conducted to global stakeholders through a video conference.
incredibly empathetic and understanding of both riders and driver partners alike.
you will be a powerful advocate for uber's customers and are obsessed with the community experience.
naturally curious.
you love learning how things work and you're always looking for ways to innovate. you enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results.
a lover of process and optimisation.
you will be revolutionising support for the uber community. you're excited about the opportunity to create and experiment with support processes, and are willing and able to lead others in iterating and executing them.
data-driven and analytical in mindset.
you can look at any spreadsheet and know the right questions to ask to get to actionable outcomes, and you know how to explain data in a compelling way.
get stuff done.
you have superior organisational skills, integrity, and great follow-through on tasks.

develop our content strategy across all modalities and channels of support--mobile, web, electronic, phone and chat; ensure we deliver outstanding support outcomes in whatever manner our users contact us, especially with respect to quality of the information presented to users
collaborate with other teams to iterate and experiment with process and content (language, tone, format, etc.) to strive for the highest possible level of quality in a way that balances the dual needs of global consistency and local touch.
develop new processes and content; work closely with other members of the community operations team in latam as the business continues to scale; ensure our content is ready for new product launches, product updates, and changes in support policies
lead the execution of content across a wide variety of platforms - internal knowledge bases, external facing customer resources, and pre-loaded agent responses, to name a few.
partner with the global training team to commission line of business-specific training courses and curricula, communicating often to align on goals and expectations.
determine the definition of success for various processes and forms of content; track performance and share best practices throughout the organization while iterating as needed.


proven relevant experience: whether it be in a start up, bank, consultancy, or corporate, you are someone who loves driving change in a fast-paced environment
bachelor's degree minimum; degree in a related field or graduate degree would be a plus
exceptional writing and verbal communication skills.
highly organised, process-oriented and deadline driven.
prior professional experience in content/knowledge management, optimisation and process improvements, systematic organisation, program/project management; experience working in a support organisation or for organisations known for stellar support outcomes is a plus but not necessary
