Uber 45--Community-Operations-Specialist---Manila---Taguig-City--Philippines---Uber---Uber.Txt




responds on escalated concerns of driver-partner and riders globally


you will be at the forefront of rebuilding uber to be a brand not only known for its amazing product, but for its awesome customer service. you will deliver only the best customer service for riders and partner-drivers globally across multiple support platforms: email, live chat, instant messaging and phone
be the charming, natural problem-solver the riders and partner-drivers will love. you understand them and will do your best to reach the resolution needed. you will cause riders to continue riding, and partner-drivers to continue operating on the platform. you will also be the reason that riders and partner-drivers will rave about the brand and will advocate for us to get more people to be users of the app.
be goal-oriented not only for the company and our vision, but also for your career. as you grow within the organization, you proactively share how you think we could improve the way we do things and drive these changes - after all, in uber, we embrace new ideas and constant change.

a bachelor's degree from any field.
work experience in a high energy, productive environment.
excellence in both written and spoken english.
exceptional comprehension and writing skills.
high proficiency using computers (typing, quickly navigating between various tools) and software.
excellent problem solving skills, ability to connect effectively what users are asking for with answers to their true issues.
passion for creating support experiences that exceed users' expectations.
willingness to work in a team environment, contributing to a collaborative work environment where people learn from one another and continuously improve processes on behalf of users.
to be an uber evangelist - you care passionately about the product and getting others excited to ride and partner with uber.
a willingness to work on different shifts, totaling 40 hours per week, including weekend and weekly evening shifts.
work experience in customer-centric industries (ex. hotels, airlines, banking) is preferred.
experience dealing with different markets (countries) and having good understanding of cultural differences is preferred.
