Uber 340--Product-Manager---Ubereverything---Couriers---New-York-City--Ny---Uber---Uber.Txt



ubereats is our food delivery platform that makes getting great food from your favorite local restaurants as easy as requesting a ride. as a product manager for ubereats couriers, you will envision and execute on a strategy for enabling the long-term success of a courier on the ubereats platform. what insights and feedback do couriers need to know in order to improve their performance? how do we take courier preferences into account when designing our delivery systems? how might we reward and delight loyal couriers? how do we drive retention and build a strong relationship with a courier from the moment they sign up with uber? as the product manager for ubereats couriers, these are the types of questions you will wrestle with every day. you will lead this critical component of our new business, working closely with colleagues across engineering, design, operations, data science and marketing to bring your ideas to life.


qualification & requirements
minimum 4-6 years experience delivering highly successful and innovative products with your fingerprints all over them — and you're extremely proud of what you've accomplished
computer science undergraduate degree or equivalent, ideally including hands-on software engineering experience. technical understanding must go from the highest abstractions down to the metal
focused on building businesses, not features. entrepreneurial experience building and leading businesses, including ownership and optimization of business performance metrics
customer obsessed. you take on complex product challenges and simplify them to avoid making them our users and partner's problems
finger-tippiness with data. you find a way to get the data you need and whip it into an insightful story with no help. you know how to leverage this data to make decisions without getting stuck in analysis paralysis
“driver” personality. you are biased toward action, a great collaborator, a master disambiguator/simplifier, and constantly pushing toward clarity and delivery
grittiness. you never hesitate to roll up your sleeves and tackle something hands-on
high bar across the board — from your own contributions, to the people you work with, to the products you work on
true passion for uber's mission, our products, and the company's hybrid technology/operations nature
never-ending desire to grow and learn
