Uber 445--Brand-&-Campaigns-Lead--Ubereats---Emea---Amsterdam--Netherlands---Uber---Uber.Txt




ubereats delivers the best of your city right when you want it. our curated menus feature dishes from the local spots you love and the ones you've always wanted to try. it's the same cashless payment as an uber ride. so just tap the app, get your food delivered right to your doorstep and enjoy!

with over 100 cities and 28 countries, ubereats has rapidly become a massive growth opportunity within uber. in emea, ubereats is already in 12 countries and 40+ cities and is looking to further expand its footprint in the region.

we are looking for a strategy & campaigns lead to develop multi-market brand campaigns across emea. this is a unique opportunity to work in a highly engaged, fast moving team that shapes the future of food by making food delivery an everyday thing.
develop, launch and track multi-market integrated campaigns across digital, offline above the line and below the line channels
define ubereats brand positioning for emea and elevate our brand by developing creative campaign concepts.
define and implement a framework to identify and prioritise marketing strategies and campaigns across emea
collaborate with countries to define marketing strategies and ensure campaigns are locally relevant.
work with in-house media teams and agencies to find, buy and optimize media channel mix.
develop standards for measuring the impact of brand campaigns to substantiate future investments in our brand.

proven track record of building best-in-class brand campaigns.
at least 8 years of experience within large scale global consumer branding/marketing organizations.
a strong track record in consumer marketing with a mix of digital, offline and btl experience and proven creative excellence.
storyteller who keeps their pulse on new and emerging ways to bring the brand narrative to life.
strong analytical skills with the ability to promptly establish priorities and communicate expectations.
a natural team player, with a strong track record of cross-functional leadership and partnership.
a passion for creating structure and overcoming organizational inertia.
superb writing and communication skills.
