Uber 409--Airspace-Systems---Senior-Software-Engineer---Uber-Elevate---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt






the candidate will report to the director of engineering, airspace systems (tom prevot). the candidate will also work closely with the airspace systems design and validation team and the network operations center engineering team, once these are established.

within advanced programs, the candidate will need to coordinate with the operations planning team, the data science team, and the design team for advanced programs. the candidate will also coordinate closely with the other engineering teams in dispatch/marketplace/security at uber, and potentially external stakeholders (e.g. nasa, faa).


technical depth in engineering an operational capability
the candidate needs to possess the skillset to design and implement the ens to support large scale aerial rideshare operations, as well as drone deliveries. therefore, the candidate should have extensive experience in scalable systems and creating production systems (such as uber dispatch).
this candidate will be expected to be an individual contributor, and s/he will directly contribute code for the initial systems.
the ens will require near-real-time processing of large amounts of data across many devices. the candidate should have extensive experience building engineering back-ends, service-oriented architectures, and efficient data distribution services.
the ens will support large-scale, safe airspace operations. the candidate will work closely with the director of airspace systems (tom prevot) to implement the requirements associated with achieving the required high level of safety in airspace operations. ideally the candidate also has background enabling and measuring safe operations.
the front end to the ens will become the blueprint for an initial network operations center. the candidate will need to be able to work an initial capability in a budget constraint environment while maintaining the vision for the actual long term capability that will be needed.
additionally, the candidate will need to work closely with highly-technical aviation companies and other parts of the ecosystem in a highly detail-oriented and technical capacity. as such, s/he must have a strong ability to grasp complex technical concepts and engage with highly-technical business partners to direct design and manufacturing efforts, as necessary.
the candidate has experience in top engineering teams (ideally at uber or another large tech company) and has extremely high regard for building to optimize safety and efficiency on a tightly-managed budget.
the candidate ideally has experience working with software assurance methods.
strong vision and strategic thinking
given the zero-to-one nature of elevate (and thus the airspace systems within elevate), the candidate will need to be able to envision the potential full scale of airspace operations supported and be able to lay out a framework that will support effective development and large scale operations.
uber may be the first company to implement airspace services for evtols, but we are behind our competition in implementing small uas services. the candidate will need to be able to quickly respond to changing priorities and change the development pace of certain services if priorities change.
it is imperative that this individual can go beyond merely executing on projects and instead contribute new ideas and challenge the status quo when appropriate.
it is equally important that the candidate does not attempt to boil the ocean, i.e. try to build too much at one time.  s/he must be a “practical visionary” who can see the end game and execute a course to get there with many deliverables and key progress milestones along the way.
team building and engineering management skills
an important part of this job will be to work with the director, airspace systems (tom prevot) to establish an extremely effective engineering team that can initially work as a small, highly-efficient team, but over time will become a much larger team that will be responsible for creating a large-scale, mission-critical software system. the candidate should possess the skills to grow into a leadership position that can  form and motivate a team at the different stages of growth.
the candidate will need to work with the operations planning team and the data science team to effectively prioritize the software implementation to meet the most important upcoming milestones. therefore the candidate will need to be able to assess the scope of the work, prioritize, and push back on low priority items.
the candidate may also need to navigate a complex set of partners including faa, nasa, and other industry partners, as well as competitors who will share the airspace.
s/he must understand the needs of the core business and find ways to bring value to it through the efforts on ap initiatives.


