Uber 222--Localization-Program-Manager---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt



for the women and men who drive with uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. for cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.


the localization team is seeking an experienced localization project/program manager to help tackle uber's growing localization needs. in this role, you'll work closely with our product, design, content, engineering, hq and regional operation teams as a primary point of contact for localization, to ensure on-time & high linguistic quality for global & regional launches.


manage end-to-end localization of uber products across all supported languages including initial planning & consultation, delivery of localized content, lqas, and bug routing
manage localization of product-related comms with various assets (survey, website, sms, in-app messaging, etc) across all regions.
act as the primary localization point of contact for all cross-functional stakeholders related to your product, explain localization cycles for various content types, and ensure global launches are on time with high degree of linguistic quality
develop & maintain key relationships with stakeholders at hq, regional and city-levels.
proactively lead internal and cross-functional initiatives to identify areas for process improvements across the product and operations orgs
identify localization tool & process gaps and work with localization operations to enable better support
work closely with localization vendors to ensure smooth execution of tasks


ba/bs degree or equivalent practical experience
3 years minimum of localization project/program management experience within the high-tech industry on the client side
self-directed - ability to take initiative in identifying

and solving large problems
ability to navigate ambiguity, work independently and be able to chart direction of projects/program
very detail-oriented, quality-focused and proactive
excellent written and verbal communication skills and the ability to manage multiple and diverse stakeholders across businesses and leadership levels
ability to learn new tools/systems quickly
great understanding of localization and internationalization issues
experience using cat tools to manage localization pipeline & workflows
(e.g. smartling,
idiom worldserver, memsource, and trados)
experience managing localization of various content types such as ui, hc, marketing, & legal
excellent team player
travel to region to manage relationships


at uber, it's essential that we maintain a close connection with users regardless of which language they speak. with millions of published words, communicating messages across 500+ cities in 70+ countries, we need your help to ensure that each word is carefully chosen to match the tone and voice of uber. as an early member of our localization team, you'll have the opportunity to build the local roots of an expanding global brand.
