Uber 290--Partnership-Manager---Middle-East---Riyadh--Saudi-Arabia---Uber---Uber.Txt





uber is a series e venture-funded startup headquartered in san francisco, california. we are a global mobility and logistics technology platform: our flagship service allows users to request quality, on- demand rides with a touch of their smartphone but we are rapidly developing new products. we are present in over 470+ cities worldwide, including over 80+ cities in emea with plans to rapidly expand in the region.
our technology allows us to move the physical world: we believe that, through innovation and entrepreneurship, we can have a meaningful impact on cities around the world. this is a unique opportunity to be a key member of the middle east team. with this role, you'll have the opportunity to join a dynamic team with an ability to make a big impact across the region.
you'll be on the frontlines of representing uber to external partners through thinking of creative marketing efforts and barter deals that move the needle. the right candidate will have a passion for uber, will have extensive experience in the middle east and will develop a global strategy for how we market uber to large corporations across different industries.
identify high-level objectives and assess what key partnerships can help achieve each
create strategic partnerships and identify new areas of opportunities (aligned with the identified objectives) that help grow the bottom line (ie. increase acquisition, propel brand image, build rider loyalty)
establish and build long-term relationships with key organizations that uber can potentially execute strategic & exclusive initiatives with
manage partnerships in saudi arabia while liaising with internal key stakeholders depending on the nature of the deal (ie. marketing, product, engineering, comms, legal etc.)
leverage on and stay up to date with the technology's latest product features by constantly working closely with the global partnerships team to identify innovative approaches and solutions for partnerships
work closely with the analytics team to gain a better understanding of rider behavior, to formulate relevant mechanics of a deal, and to assess post-partnerships results
align with city teams to ensure that the mechanics discussed with the partner is in line with uber's overall objective in the respective city
coordinate with the business development team to set a mutual goal for partnerships while ensuring it is in line with uber's marketing direction
work creatively with teams from other regions to develop and circulate scalable best practices and playbooks that will be the foundation of this growing team for long-term sustained success
handle a high volume of engagements in a fast paced environment
report to the regional head of marketing

5+ years of business development, project management, or partnerships experience in the region
experience with establishing, maintaining and leveraging relationships at partner companies
ability to fuse business, strategy, analytical concepts to lead complex, multi- faceted deals
deep experience and creative thinking while working with a-level corporations such as mobile carriers, banks, tech companies, retail and venues
strong verbal and written communications skills are a must, as well as leadership skills
demonstrated ability to work effectively across internal and external organizations
extremely proactive, organized and responsible
experience in saudi arabia required
languages: english & arabic required. you have to be ready to hustle! you must be ready and excited to get your hands dirty and help build a growing business.
