Uber 275--Manager--University-Recruiting---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt




at uber, we pride ourselves on the amazing team we've built. delivering a first class, on-demand transportation experience takes a critical eye for quality, and we want a university recruiting manager who has the same critical eye. we are growing rapidly and need someone with hustle to help manage a team of recruiters, sourcers and recruiting coordinators that plan and execute on a robust and scalable university hiring program.

the right person will thrive in an "all hands on deck" environment, loves solving people problems, is confident in their people management skills and philosophy, and can thrive while working in ambiguities, inherent in startup culture. this role is all about bringing on the smartest folks, maintaining our culture as we grow, and running an efficient process to keep it moving.
you will support uber with campus hiring initiatives, building great teams and partnerships wherever needed.
effectively manage and analyze the university team's pipeline health to ensure delivery of key performance recruiting metrics.
lead the reporting of key performance recruiting metrics and identify trends.
advise and mentor a team of recruiters, sourcers and recruiting coordinators to ensure tactical execution and strategic success in university recruiting initiatives.
create and drive new campus hiring programs/initiatives for our technical, operations and corporate teams.
effectively manage massive candidate pipelines while making each candidate feel like they're the only one you're talking to.
be hyper-knowledgeable about our business and be on point for offer negotiation and hr-related questions (i.e. benefits, comp, etc).
spread the uberlove by planning strategies for campus events, networking nights, and career fairs.
work to improve upon existing process and develop innovative strategy around finding our future crew.
manage relationships across multiple teams - expect to be responsible for the hiring needs of many.
showcase your passion for campus hiring. that means intimate knowledge of curriculum, competitor best practices, and relationships with premier schools around the world.
engage with eager alumni within uber to successfully translate that energy into amazing engagement opportunities with students.


5-8 years university recruiting experience in a dynamic, high demand environment, with a minimum of 2 years program management experience.
minimum 3 years of recruitment team management  (university recruiting management preferred).
4-year degree or equivalent work experience.
technically savvy, with icims or other ats experience preferred.
