Uber 319--Crm-Marketing-Manager---Ubereats--Hong-Kong---Hong-Kong--Hong-Kong---Uber---Uber.Txt






we are looking for an exceptional crm marketing manager - hong kong
to bring efficiency to a cross-functional marketing team. from design to data, strategy to development, you need to love to get into the weeds with problems to figure out how to break down barriers and drastically increase output. documentation and creating fun, efficient, scalable systems are your thing. people love working with you because you make everyone's life easier and always know the status of every project. last but not least, you have a passion for marketing.
as a member of a cross-functional country and ubereats marketing team, the right person will be comfortable in an "all hands on deck" environment, able to operate and coordinate across multiple teams, and can thrive in a startup culture. this role is all about ensuring the executional success of the marketing team. you should bring a passion for project management and marketing.

project manage various lifecycle projects, across multiple teams of operations teams, marketing, data analysts, designers and copywriters.
partner with regional teams to help define an end-to-end customer lifecycle management strategy from onboarding to engagement to reactivation, localized as relevant to meet the market needs.
work with local teams to define the right tones in different communication channels. facilitate feedback from local teams around the world and ensure their feedback is captured, validated, and implemented
estimate work efforts, define milestones and manage resources accordingly. track progress, understand dependencies, and communicate status to upper management and project stakeholders.
proactively work to remove obstacles and enable forward momentum and progress. manage issue escalations and provide support to teams balancing competing priorities.
ability to balance team expectations, business needs, and resources to ensure correct prioritization of cross-functional work as a project evolves
establish world-class workflows and continuously test and measure improvements. .
ensure a rapid pace of testing and that learnings are documented, shared, and rolled out.

minimum of 3-5 years experience as a program / project manager in a consumer-facing software, management consulting firm, investment bank, creative agencies, brand advertisers, or other role requiring rigorous analytical, data-driven problem solving, quantitative analysis, marketing and communicating findings to management.
demonstrated analytical success and the capacity for developing / understanding strategy.
hands-on experience project managing an initiative from start to finish. achieves project goals while managing scope, time, quality and risk. learns from failures as well as successes.
familiarity with creative process and an understanding of marketing. enjoys working closely with marketing managers, copywriters, designers and data analysts.
excellent organizational skills to juggle many tasks without losing sight of the highest priority items. ability to stay focused under pressure, prioritizing and managing multiple projects simultaneously in a fast-paced environment
strong interpersonal skills and ability to influence and motivate people at all levels across a broad variety of job functions
ability to understand complex concepts and work across multiple functions and teams.demonstrate initiative, persistence, ability to problem solve, and enthusiasm for learning new skills. offer creative thinking and solutions
extremely detail oriented, organized, self starter and a great communicator.
excellent written and verbal communication skills
