Uber 293--Account-Representative-(Inside-Sales)--Ubereats---Toronto---Toronto--Canada---Uber---Uber.Txt





uber is evolving the way we move around the world, and by seamlessly connecting consumers to businesses through our apps, we make cities more accessible. with ubereats, we're building uber's newest and fastest growing business, spanning 60 cities across all six continents in just over a year. today, ubereats is available in over 30 us cities -- and we're just getting started.
the account representative role is a great opportunity to demonstrate your sales skills and abilities in order to expand the number of restaurants that work with eats. who are we looking for? someone who is natural at selling and knows where the best eats are around town; passionate about food and uber; and enjoys negotiating to build the best partnership. your primary focus will be bringing on new restaurants that fit our partnership criteria, and you'll use your skills in emailing, cold-calling, and driving internal processes to set up our partnerships for success.



use prospecting skills and relationships to build partnerships with toronto's best restaurants interested in ubereats.
manage contract negotiations aimed at establishing the foundation of a strong working relationship with our restaurant partners, including sustainable economics for both parties.
clearly communicate the value of uber and its newest products to prospects.
achieve and consistently exceed monthly sales goals
partner with our onboarding teams to smoothly activate the best restaurants in toronto
help us identify and build best practices for your sales team and others
act as an ambassador of ubereats mission, brand, and product
communicate constantly with prospects via email and phone


extraordinary listening, communication and organizational skills.
demonstrated ability to multi-task and follow through while paying strict attention to detail
coachability, interest in implementing feedback, and dedication to improvement of your craft
genuine curiosity about people and business and a passion for ubereats and food
an infectiously positive attitude and drive to win; a self-starter attitude and determination
