Uber 473--Head-Of-Product-Marketing---Driver---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt




as the head of product marketing for the driver team, you will define and bring to life the product marketing strategy for our driver partners. you will lead a team responsible for shaping the product roadmap, developing the product positioning, building go-to-market plans and owning the growth strategy for all driver-facing products. you will work with your team to drive highly impactful programs to acquire, activate, engage and retain our driver partners. your performance will be measured by your team's ability to partner effectively with a high-performing cross-functional team that includes counterparts in product management, design, data science, engineering, and operations to meet shared objectives and key results.


passion for uber's mission and the company's hybrid technology / operations nature.
15+ years combined product and growth marketing experience delivering highly successful growth, user acquisition and engagement strategies, with a focus on developer marketing.
finger-tippinesses with data: you just go get the data you need with no muss/fuss and can whip it into an insightful story with no help. you know how to leverage data to make decisions and drive growth. you have experience running rigorous multivariate testing.
top-notch at market research: you're a truth-seeking missile. you know your market, customers and competition better than anyone, and you're strong at integrating this information into your growth strategies.
master storyteller: you can craft a compelling narrative across different channels - you know how to match the message to the medium
scary-good at articulating the essence of products and the value they create. you can develop a strong messaging hierarchy and effective content strategy plan. you can also play copywriter.
an “owner” personality: you're biased toward action, a great collaborator and master disambiguator/simplifier. you never stop pushing towards clarity and delivery.
a master of test-and-learn growth hacking: you possess an uncanny ability to run and iterate on highly effective automated marketing campaigns.
grittiness: you never hesitate to roll up your sleeves and tackle something hands-on, you persevere when others fall away.

