Uber 310--Regional-Business-Analyst-(Greenlight)---Andean-&-Cenam---Bogota--Colombia---Uber---Uber.Txt



u
ber's global greenlight program implements strategy, planning, innovation, and business development for the company's global network of uber greenlight locations, our in-person retail locations that serve drivers.  these locations are one of the company's key growth channels for getting drivers on the road and keeping them engaged with uber. it's an extremely rewarding and challenging team to work on because uber greenlight locations are the face of uber for driver-partners, and our operations are essential for uber's growth around the globe.

as a business operations analyst on the regional team, you will drive strategic insights and detailed analytics related to scaling and optimizing this core company asset in latin america (spanish speaking). the ideal candidate for this role should have strong analytical skills, excellent time-management and organizational habits, and the ability to clearly communicate and present information.


deep dive analytics - work closely with our field team to understand the intricacies of our operations around the region to identify and implement analysis that drives efficiency and improves the ways we interact with drivers.
build and own periodic reporting - take advantage of the ever-growing amount of data we have at our fingertips to help stakeholders all over latam manage and improve greenlight operations.
coordinate with members of other business teams spanning the company to measure the impact and efficiency of new initiatives and business processes.
develop analytical frameworks to support greenlight locations in new markets.


ba/bs/masters in economics, business, engineering, operations research, or other quantitative focus.
at least one year of data analysis, quant driven consulting, investment banking, or related experience.
strong communication and organization skills.
fluent in english and spanish.
analytical thinking - you connect the dots between the data and operations and gut check every number you see.
sql experience required - know how to access, interpret and package data so our team can deliver unique and innovative analysis to better our operations (scripting languages such as python or r are also highly preferred).
excellent excel skills.
team player - you will work closely with hq teams like fp&a, facilities and people operations as well as greenlight managers.
balance attention to detail with timely execution.
explorer - the ability to self-serve, investigate and get the data we require will make you much more effective in this role.
a self-starter attitude.
