Uber 242--Regional-Community-Operations-Specialist-(Quality-Auditor)---Tokyo---Tokyo--Japan---Uber---Uber.Txt


at uber, we are all about providing amazing support that establishes trust for riders and partners. we invest in it and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the smartest, most efficient way.

community operations (commops) are all about helping and educating customers of uber. coses help people resolve their issues and turn unhappy users into our strongest evangelists. the quality auditor ensures that customer support representatives (csrs) are providing a consistently excellent quality of support to all our customers - no matter where they are from or what lob they are in.

the right candidate for the quality auditor position is a subject matter expert who knows everything there is to know about their line of businesses (lobs), and is passionate about delivering world-class support by helping produce flawless customer interactions every time. the qa will spend time examining contacts, determining the root causes of any points of failure and addressing them. utilizing their on-the-ground support experience and careful eye for detail, this candidate will help ensure an excellent support experience for our riders and partners, while improving the performance of customer support representatives.


highly detail-oriented.
you can see the smallest details and know how the data you generate affects the bigger picture
self-motivated.
you are reliable and meet deadlines
creative and proactive.
thinking about a bigger picture and how we can improve comes naturally
a driver for change.
you have a proven ability to work in a fast-paced team setting and can identify, embrace, and drive change where needed
communicator.
you love to collaborate cross-functionally with other departments, communicate changes, and share ideas
confident.
calling out errors or presenting findings to upper management is no sweat. you are passionate about doing the right thing and can “step on toes” when needed
a lover of feedback.
you believe that both positive and constructive feedback is immensely valuable. you are able to provide useful feedback to customer service representatives to improve their performance, and can use feedback provided to you to improve your own


monitor and check quality for email, phone or chat support
report on weekly quality metrics
deep dive and analyze to find trends and root causes of errors to give feedback on site or agent performance
provide quality intelligence to help team leads close loops with csrs
liaise with various lines of businesses and regions to calibrate audits, implement best practices and drive performance improvements
identify root causes and
improvement opportunities in training, process and policies
collect and present data to management and regional commops in reports and weekly business reviews
manage projects to improve service quality

requirements
previous qa experience would be an advantage but not mandatory (either phone or email)
proficient in english and japanese (spoken and written)
high proficiency using computers (typing, quickly navigating between various tools)
exceptional reading comprehension and writing skills — must be able to connect what users are asking for with answers to their issues
ability to provide actionable qualitative feedback on quantitative data
passion for helping others and creating support experiences that exceed users' expectations
must work well in a team environment, contributing to a collaborative work environment where people learn from one another and continuously improve processes on behalf of users
ability to analyze data and present findings coherently and confidently
intermediate excel knowledge at a minimum

preferred qualifications
bachelor's degree preferred
support experience in a high-volume environment
familiarity with analytical tools; sql knowledge a huge plus but not mandatory

