Uber 531--Product-Manager---Ubereverything---Enterprise---New-York-City--Ny---Uber---Uber.Txt



as the lead senior product manager for enterprise, you will envision and execute on a strategy for how we work with the largest restaurant chains and retailers in the world. how do we onboard tens of thousands of restaurant locations onto ubereats? how do we work with the largest grocers to do same-day delivery using uberrush? how do we evolve our infrastructure, reporting, tools and operations to be enterprise grade? as the senior product manager for ubereverything enterprise, these are the types of questions you will wrestle with every day.  you will own this critical component of our new businesses, working closely with colleagues across business development, operations, engineering, design and marketing to bring your ideas to life.


minimum 5-8 years experience delivering highly successful and innovative products with your fingerprints all over them — and you're extremely proud of what you've accomplished
computer science undergraduate degree or equivalent, ideally including hands-on software engineering experience. technical understanding must go from the highest abstractions down to the metal
focused on building businesses, not features. entrepreneurial experience building and leading businesses, including ownership and optimization of business performance metrics
enterprise. you have deep experience working directly with enterprise customers and collaborating with business development. you have a passion for building enterprise products
customer obsessed. you take on complex product challenges and simplify them to avoid making them our users and partner's problems
finger-tippiness with data. you find a way to get the data you need and whip it into an insightful story with no help. you know how to leverage this data to make decisions without getting stuck in analysis paralysis
“driver” personality. you are biased toward action, a great collaborator, a master disambiguator/simplifier, and constantly pushing toward clarity and delivery
grittiness. you never hesitate to roll up your sleeves and tackle something hands-on
high bar across the board — from your own contributions, to the people you work with, to the products you work on
true passion for uber's mission, our products, and the company's hybrid technology/operations nature
never-ending desire to grow and learn
