Uber 356--Database-Manager-(Analytical)---Ubereats-Apac---Singapore--Singapore---Uber---Uber.Txt



passionate about high-growth startups and have strong analytical skills? are you a proven team player, strategic thinker, and executor? do you live and breathe to turn large amounts of raw data into meaningful business information? then let's talk.

as an early member of uber's global strategy & planning team for ubereats, you will help the strategic decision-making process and support operational excellence across the globe. the ideal candidate for this role should have excellent communication skills, strong analytical skills, excellent time-management and organizational habits and the ability to clearly present information.

hardcore rockstar who can establish & manage a small database (hive) and data collection
have the ability to convert massive raw data into insights that helps stakeholders understand business better and make decisions
build, maintain, and communicate detailed reporting models to assist city-level, regional, and expansion efforts
coordinate with country teams to identify, document and quantify the impact and efficiency of best-in-class tools and processes
create, improve, and automate reporting methods.

ba/bs/ms in math,engineering, computer science, or other quantitative field (advanced degrees a plus)
2-5 years of experience in a quantitative role
proficiency in sql/hive, r and python
experience in designing and building data pipelines - automation expert
strong communication and organization skills
a preference for quality over quantity - you get the math right and aspire to build the right solution; you appreciate being part of a team that holds each other to a high bar
explorer - the ability to self-serve, investigate and get the data we require will make you much more effective in this role. self-starter attitude is a must!

explorer: the ability to self-serve, investigate and get the data we require will make you much more effective in this role. self-starter attitude is a must!
geek: must love numbers and solving quantitatively challenging problems
hacker: gets things done by using existing tools or introducing new ones
strategic thinker: goes beyond today and thinks about tomorrow, using data to drive his/her decision-making

ubereats globally is pioneering how to deliver the best of your city right when you want it.  our team has taken the idea of food delivery and developed a start-up using data and institutional knowledge to create a world class service.


our regional operations team works with our in-country teams to optimize current processes, focus on business growth and ensure our customers have a seamless experience. internally, our team collaborates closely with others across the region as well as the globe, to ensure we are building a product that is consistently efficient and enjoyable.





