Uber 645--Senior-Software-Engineer---Bangalore--India---Uber---Uber.Txt






about the team: maps

are you excited by the idea of mining rich sensor data to unearth valuable information that will help optimize logistics and transportation across the world? are you excited by the prospect of helping move people and things more efficiently around the world? if you have answered yes to any of these questions, you might be a great fit for this team at uber!
as part of uber's larger mapping effort, we are building data pipelines that extract valuable bits of information from imagery and gps data in order to optimize and augment maps.  this will have a direct impact on both riders and drivers by helping them connect faster and more efficiently.



fast, independent learner: the one constant at uber is growth, and all of our systems are constantly evolving to meet the needs of our high growth environment. engineers are expected to learning quickly and continue to improve their craft to ensure that our systems can meet the needs of our business.
bold: our growth requires embracing change with sureness and boldness. we expect our engineers to be proactive about addressing both operational and scalability challenges as we grow.
skilled at architecture: the services we build are highly scalable, robust, and fault-tolerant. our engineers know the trade offs involved in building high scale architectures. we are committed to making timely decisions to ensure that our systems can continue to match our rider and partner growth.
passionate: engineers at uber know what it means to truly own their services. quality, performance, and robustness are expected of all services. engineers take ownership of the uptime of their services, and they are empowered with the tools to do what is needed to keep them running. great monitoring, alerting, and test coverage are championed at uber and we provide engineers with the tools to do so.
experienced at cross team communication: we work closely with business groups like revenue, accounting and other engineering teams like real time, market place, growth etc. we communicate to address new challenges, work through requirements, and improve our operational efficiency. we also work closely with our fraud team to identify bad actors in our financial systems and neutralize any threats. supporting these other groups is a key part of scaling our business.

7+ yrs strong meaningful individual contributor experience as a software engineer
prior experience as a tech lead who has mentored/led small teams in building product features at scale
the ability to go deep, but also appreciate the challenge of going broad. uber has a huge stack, and we're all over it: backend services, real-time dispatch, machine learning, mobile, web development, data and analytics, infrastructure, marketing systems.
advanced knowledge of some and a willingness to learn the rest: python, node.js, java etc.
intelligence. high adaptability. ability to learn quickly.
knowledge of the principles of accessibility and ability to build products that are accessible to users with disabilities, a plus.

