Uber 407--Quality-Assurance-Manager---Emea-Community-Operations--Cracow---Krakow--Poland---Uber---Uber.Txt






providing amazing support for our community is a core feature of our product experience. we invest in it, and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the smartest, most efficient way.



at uber, thousands of people are engaged in providing world-class support to our community. we need to onboard hundreds more people each month and ensure that those we have hired continuously develop their skills, no matter the role.

to support that we're looking for an all-star quality manager to work alongside our center of excellence team to lead the internal quality program. the quality manager will be in charge of running the quality processes to track our support performance in the center of excellence, and help providing a better quality of customer support to our community. he / she will drive and organize projects to improve customer satisfaction and help the different teams in the business to reach a world-class customer support experience.

the quality manager is a methodical but creative thinker and has to love large multi-­partner initiatives that require to innovate, lead, influence, and think both strategically and tactically. the quality manager must thrive in the type of environment that is fast paced, constantly changing and growing. many of the problems and challenges we face have no textbook solution, so the ability to invent is critical.



managing the center of excellence quality audit processes and manage a team of quality auditors performing quality assurance audits
performing root-cause analysis on some specific customer issues to understand what we can do better and improve customer support
liaise with uber internal teams in the different markets supported by the center of excellence in order to give feedback on what processes can be improved in order to increase the quality of our support
liaise with the center of excellence internal management teams in order to provide feedback on agents performance and help provide coaching to increase their individual performance
liaise with our external providers teams (bpos) to provide feedback on their teams performance, and create sets of recommendations to improve the performance of their agents
liaise and report to the product teams based on the root-cause analysis results to surface product issues and create sets of recommendations on product improvement based on customers feedback
create and update reports to provide insights to other teams in the business on what is causing customer pain and how we can improve the product experience

ba/bs/masters in economics, business, engineering, computer science, or other fields with quantitative focus
4-5+ years of operational / management / quality / analytical or related experience; analytics or operations experience at a high-growth company is a plus
exceptional excel / data management skills and the understanding that there's always more to learn


what you have:

a self starter

attitude
- you are ready for the autonomy that comes with building things from scratch within uber, which includes defining the roles and responsibilities, goals and metrics, and processes within that team. you recognize that not every situation has a playbook, and are ready to face new problems and think of solutions independently.
an anaytical mindset

a team player

attitude
- you aren't scared to collaborate across function or region to get the best possible outcome for your content.
natural curiosity
- you love learning and are invested in making our community operations learning org successful through laying a strong foundation for our community support teams.
speed, resourcefulness and a go getter attitude.
ownership
- you get things done. passionate and self-driven, you are deeply committed to taking uber support to the next level and rise to the occasion to solve problems, big and small. you  have the initiative to solve problems on your own.

motivated
- you understand the impact of a highly satisfied, excited team of users, and are passionate about grinding away at issues.
service orientation
- as the voice of uber to thousands of users, you'll use this opportunity to make evangelists out of our toughest critics. your efforts will create more reasons for people to use uber and to continue to trust us to get them where they need to go.





