Uber 110--Sales-Manager--Ubereats---Bangalore--India---Uber---Uber.Txt



for the women and men who drive with uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. for cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.


ubereats is seeking a
sales leader
to lead our representatives in the city

- someone who does this with both short and long-term market goals in mind, ensuring the right people and processes are in place to get there. you'll work closely with general managers, sales operations, and marketing to support processes that scale and innovate ubereverything sales from the ground up.

sales managers are the tip for the spear and
head the city sales
team to oversee a number of reps within our key markets, focusing on the following core responsibilities:

people management
: manage and cultivate highly successful and engaged reps who drive results. monitor, evaluate, and develop the performance of individuals on your teams.
best-in-class sales
: drive your reps towards short and long-term market goals, ensuring the right people and processes are in place to get there.
restaurant partnerships
: own and drive key restaurant partnerships in your city
local / regional collaboration
: facilitate focused and productive communication and collaboration among your reps and between your reps/cross-functional partners. collaborate closely with sales operations and city operations to identify, develop, and drive adoption of best practices for long-term growth across your city and others.


manage a successful sales team
responsible for exceeding sales kpis by:
observing sales behaviour to identify strengths, weaknesses, and opportunities for improvement
balance corrective with positive feedback to ensure guidance and performance improvement
validate that your reps have working pipeline to meet business targets
be a thought partner
to the general manager of the city
and head of sales, india, regards to sales, restaurant partnerships, and local diner acquisition.
collaborate closely
with sales operations to analyze results and identify opportunities to improve systems, processes, and programs.

3-5 years of experience in b2b companies with a track record of steadily increasing responsibility in sales or customer growth
proven people manager and team builder with references
exceptional communication and organizational skills
bachelor's degree. masters degree is a plus but not required
passion for the on-­demand delivery space, and food delivery in particular
startup (all-hands-on-deck) approach
solid understanding of a variety of business models
