Uber 664--Product-Marketing-Manager---Ubereverything---Campaigns-&-Partnerships---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt




uber partners with companies big and small to power their logistics through uberrush and works with the biggest food brands in the world to get people their favorite meals. examples of more recent partnerships are walmart where uber powers same-day grocery delivery and mcdonald's which is now available through the ubereats app.
as a product marketing manager you'll work with marketing teams at these companies as well as internal product, business development and creative teams to make these partnerships successful. you'll lead the go-to-market strategies for our partnerships, running programs which acquire new users, drive brand loyalty, and develop mutually beneficial relationships with our partners.
you also need experience with adapting value propositions & messaging and be able to combine this with analytical chops as you will be responsible for driving co-marketing or other seasonal, market-specific campaigns focused on driving growth.



minimum 5-8+ years combined product and growth marketing experience delivering highly successful user acquisition and engagement strategies, with a focus on consumer and/or b2b marketing.

finger-tippinesses with data: you just get the data you need and can whip it into an insightful story with no help. you know how to use data to make decisions and drive growth. you have experience running rigorous multivariate testing. experience with sql is a plus.

top-notch at market research: you're a truth-seeking missile. you know your market, customers and competition better than anyone, and you integrate this information into your growth strategies.

scary-good at articulating the essence of products and the value they create. you can develop a strong messaging hierarchy and effective content strategy. you can also play copywriter.

master storyteller: you can craft a compelling narrative across different channels - you know how to match the message to the medium.

high-output leadership: you're biased toward action, a great collaborator and master disambiguator/simplifier. you never stop pushing towards clarity and delivery.

grittiness: you never hesitate to roll up your sleeves and take on something hands-on, you persevere when others fall away.

true passion for uber's mission and the company's hybrid technology / operations nature.

experience collaborating with partners on product development and marketing is a pro.

