Uber 307--Director-Of-Marketing--Ubereats---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt

uber is a technology company that is changing the way the world thinks about transportation and local logistics. we are building technology people use everyday. whether it's heading home from work, getting a meal delivered from a favorite restaurant, or a way to earn extra income, uber is becoming part of the fabric of daily life.
we're making cities safer, smarter, and more connected. and we're doing it at a global scale - energizing local economies and bringing opportunity to millions of people around the world.

ubereats is seeking a director of marketing to define and execute a strategic vision for uber's newest and fastest growing business.

you will lead our product marketing, growth marketing, creative and marketing analytics teams that have global scope. you will also work closely with our regional marketing teams around the world to set strategy for their regions and cities, support their marketing efforts with tools and infrastructure, and take learnings from local and regional team to inform our global strategy.

we're looking for an exceptional marketing leader that knows how to drive and manage growth at scale. this means recruiting the best-in-class talent, taking an analytical approach to problem solving and scaling growth through a customer-centric lens.

qualifications and requirements:
10+ years experience as a strong marketing leader driving cross-functional collaboration and stakeholder management
a strategic leader with deep understanding of organizational effectiveness and a champion of efficiency
a track record of recruiting best-in-class talent and building high-performing, collaborative teams
high energy and motivation driven by personal influence and example with direct staff, peers, and senior leaders across all company functions
expertise within large scale global consumer branding/marketing organization
a passion for creating structure and overcoming organizational inertia
very strong analytical skills with the ability to promptly establish priorities and communicate expectations
high emotional intelligence and empathy
