Uber 180--Motion-Planning-Engineer---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt






the motion planning engineer will have their software make critical decisions rather than just “process” or “display” data. this person will be passionate and experienced with crafting motion planning systems to make great decisions, every time, in all conditions.

motion planning is the brain of an autonomous driving system. it handles the core reasoning for driving behaviors and, as you can imagine, is one of our core challenges. using real-world data gathered from over 1 million miles of autonomously driven roads, you will apply your knowledge of motion planning to help shape the behaviors of our self-driving uber.  how do i execute a lane change?  how do i safely pickup and drop off a customer? how do i behave when merging with other traffic? if this gets you pumped, then come help us change the world!

what you'll need
ms/phd degree in computer science or related field
experience programming in c++ on a real world robotic system
direct experience in nonlinear and linear optimal control techniques including lqe/lqg, h-infinity, or other robust control techniques
model predictive control experience
prior experience in motion planning in robotics
numerical optimization techniques (e.g., nonlinear constrainted optimization) and dynamic programming experience
understanding of vehicle dynamics and modeling
proven ability to product computationally efficient software that can meet real-time requirements

linear control techniques and methods for analysis
experience working on safety-critical systesm
vehicle state estimation/localization experience


at the advanced technologies group (atg), we are building technologies that will transform the way the world moves. our teams in pittsburgh, san francisco, phoenix, and toronto are dedicated to mapping, software and hardware development, vehicle safety, and operations for self-driving technology. our teams are passionate about developing a self-driving system that will one day move people and things around more safely, efficiently, and cost effectively.
