Uber 430--Communication-Lead---Germany---Berlin--Germany---Uber---Uber.Txt







the most successful consumer technology companies are brilliant storytellers, who put their products—as well as the benefits of those products—front and center in every communication.
our team is responsible for telling uber's story to the media and third parties:  whether it's transforming how we get around town and the lives of people who value independent, flexible work; or cutting congestion in cities by getting more backsides into fewer cars.  that's partly about building lasting relationships with the key news outlets and journalists in every country where we operate.  it also about being creative in how we tell our story, including the use of social media, as well as working with the public policy team to develop campaigns that make the positive case for reform
.

establishing uber's brand and profile with the media and third parties, specifically with consumer, product and lifestyle oriented outlets;
working to tell our story
—and the story of ridesharing—in creative, inspiring ways that resonate with journalists and on social media while having a limited product presence on the ground;
combining crisis management with running proactive comms projects across the country
running a busy press office and managing relationships with journalists on both national and regional level.
providing comms strategic support for the business and policy goals in germany
external facing of stakeholders - editors, reporters, opinion makers and third parties
team and external agency management
cross-functional projects management


to succeed you'll need to be:
a self starter:  uber is a company of entrepreneurs and we want to work with people who enjoy building things from the bottom up too.  stuff changes fast in our world so you'll need to be highly adaptable as well as calm under pressure;
a great advocate
:  we're looking for people who can distill complex ideas into simple, but intellectually credible, arguments.  you'll need to write well and have the creative ability to tell stories—about our product, people and the ways we're helping to improve life for passengers, drivers and cities.
a strong campaigner:
smartphone apps are disruptive, and the interests being disrupted are deeply entrenched.  we succeed by putting together effective campaigns with third parties on behalf of the passengers and drivers who use the app.  that means you'll have a bias for action in everything you do—and a willingness to engage in debates, that can often become heated.
a team player
:  success at uber depends on the ability to organize different teams (internally and externally) around shared goals.  it's why we're looking for well organized people who enjoy working with others to get stuff done—and who can deal with the ambiguity that sometimes comes from working cross-functionally.

ideally you would have 8-10 years experience in communications/pr/journalism and a good knowledge of the german market.



