Uber 338--Manager--Technical-Recruiting---Bangalore--India---Uber---Uber.Txt



for the women and men who drive with uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. for cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.

we seek a recruiting manager with a passion for developing talent and desire to partner deeply with our engineering leaders to hire the greatest minds in the industry.

delivering a premier, on-demand transportation experience takes a critical eye for quality, and we want a leader who has the same critical eye. our recruitment team must be able to find the diamonds in the rough, maintain quality and hire quickly.

develop recruiting teams to support our long term strategy. this position will hire excellent candidates and drive improvements with a bias towards superior candidate experience.
dig into analytics to make decisions based on the data.
find innovative solutions to recruiting problems not faced by other companies. we are a unique company and thus need equally innovative strategies to meet our hiring goals. scalability and sustainability are key improvement metrics.
ba/bs degree or related experience.
minimum of 5 years of technical recruiting experience, as a manager and 10 years in recruitment
strong leadership skills
demonstrated ability to digest and use data to drive decisions making.
history of developing, mentoring and managing large, high-output recruitment teams.
experience collaborating with org wide stakeholders in documenting and implementing process change.
bonus:
adaptable - you have an ability to collaborate with a wide variety seasoned business leaders and candidates within the engineering organization.
focused on coaching recruiters and leads on delivering the best candidate experience in the industry.
experienced at scaling technical recruiting teams to meet needs of a growing engineering org.
user of data and analytics to guide decisions and change
passionate about developing your team and peers.
curious about what makes uber work and how our eng efforts drive the business.

