Uber 14--Director-Of-Technical-Recruiting---Advanced-Technology-Group---Pittsburgh--Pa---Uber---Uber.Txt


the uber advanced technology group is a culture of opportunities marked by rapid-growth and high-productivity. we focus on the development of key long-term technologies that advance uber's mission of bringing safe, reliable transportation to everyone, everywhere.
uber advanced technologies group is developing next generation mapping, vehicle safety, and autonomy technologies.


as the director of technical recruiting - atg, you will be tasked with scaling a recruiting team that will continue to staff and build a team that will define the next generation platform and tooling that supports a variety of high-reaching initiatives.

we're looking for a candidate ideally based in either san francisco or pittsburgh.

this position will passionately drive results, think and act quickly, operate long-term and in the best interest of company objectives.
building teams to support our long term strategy. this position will uphold a high hiring bar continuously and drive process improvement to hire eng talent faster.
data driven - dig into analytics to make decisions based on said data.
think innovatively to drive results. we are a unique company and brand and thus need equally innovative strategies to hit our hiring goals. scalability and sustainability are key success metrics.

adaptable - ability to partner with a wide variety of very senior level individuals including our top-level business leaders and seasoned professional candidates within the engineering organization.
passion for candidate experience and the overall process of finding a new opportunity.
thinks big - you've scaled an engineering org from 200 to 1000 engineers.
strong command of data and analytics; uses data to influence change.
dedicated focus on developing the team and peers.
implemented successful yet not stalling processes.
curious about the org and what makes uber work. operations is the core of our business and a solid understanding of that foundation is crucial to success in role.
action oriented and unafraid of calculated risk.

degreed in business or human resources
minimum of 12+ years of experience in technical recruiting and/or recruiting management and/or sr. business leadership
demonstrated success in data driven organization
inquisitive
success building, mentoring and managing large recruitment teams
slightly obsessive in all the right ways
