Uber 173--Community-Support-Representative---Cairo---Egypt---Uber---Uber.Txt





at uber, providing amazing support that establishes trust for riders and driver partners-our community-is a core feature of our product experience. we invest in it and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the most compelling, most efficient way. community support representatives are all about helping and educating both riders and drivers. we help people resolve their issues and turn unhappy users into our most passionate evangelists. the right candidate is always looking for unique and exciting ways to resolve problems with exceptional support and communication, ensuring that problems are resolved promptly while developing trustworthy relationships with our community.

we are seeking an attentive, personable, highly-organized community support representative to support the city's operations team as we continue to grow our presence. this is a full time opportunity working with an amazing operations team on the daily functions that are at the core of uber.

deliver high-quality service across multiple support platforms (email, chat, phone)
be a passionate advocate for riders and drivers while answering any questions that come your way
show empathy to frustrated riders and drivers while solving problems and addressing unsatisfactory experiences
create loyalty among new users and get our early adopters to fall in love with uber all over again
triage issues and escalate them when necessary

incredible empathy and understanding of both riders and driver partners alike. you will be an excellent advocate for uber's users and are passionate about the community experience.
calm under pressure. you have excellent organizational skills, integrity, and great follow-through on tasks.
natural curiosity. you love learning how things work and you're always looking for creative solutions. you enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results.
eloquence. you're able to strike the perfect tone, whether you're explaining a new policy to riders or drivers, explaining the importance of certain complicated metrics, or responding to support issues over email.
passion. you love uber. you are driven by helping others and being on the front-lines of a highly visible, fast-growing brand.
agility. you can move quickly with care. you embrace change and can absorb new information with ease.
a high proficiency using computers (typing, quickly navigating between various tools).
excellent reading comprehension and writing skills in english and arabic language. must be able to connect what users are asking for with answers to their true issues.
passion for helping others and creating support experiences that exceed users' expectations.
ability to troubleshoot problems and find speedy resolutions.
skilled at handling multiple issues at once to efficiently resolve a large number of inquiries.
the ability to work well in a team environment, contributing to a synergistic work environment where people learn from one another and continuously improve processes on behalf of users.
flexibility. weekend and weekly evening shifts are required.
to be an uber evangelist - you care deeply about the product and getting others excited to ride and partner with uber.
you'll get a competitive hourly rate as well as tons of experience in a tech environment.

