Uber 304--Head-Of-Product-Marketing-Management---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt


we're seeking an exceptional product marketing leader to define and execute on an audacious vision for how we share our world-changing products with riders and drivers around the globe.

you will lead a team of seasoned product marketers - in collaboration with all-star product managers, engineers, data scientists and designers - to help define our product strategy and bring our products to market.

you'll bring your skills - as a master storyteller, analytical thinker, customer-first strategist, and world-class operator - to bear on the challenge of shipping products to the world that delight our customers' and outperform our already radical growth curve.

the role calls for technical depth, principled problem-solving, deep customer empathy, refined product judgment, a stubborn refusal to settle, bias to action, bold innovation, a high quality bar, and inspiring leadership skills.

sound like a match?

as senior director of product marketing, you will manage all product marketing throughout our ridesharing business - including teams focused on riders, drivers, pricing, and more. this includes building out your teams with terrific talent, helping to define and elevate the role of pmm at uber, and executing on our most important product launches. your teams will own growth, engagement and sentiment kpis for the products on which they work.

we currently have pmms embedded in each of our consumer product areas - rider, driver, marketplace, partnerships, etc. we are planning to unify these teams under a single functional leader.

passion for uber's mission and products
15+ years combined product / marketing experience delivering successful growth strategies
technical - with a background in product management, engineering or data science
analytical - adept in experiment design and analysis, segmentation and market sizing, quant research best practices, and data-driven strategy
researcher - truth-seeking in testing hypotheses about your customers through rigorous quantitative and qualitative investigations
storytelling - master at narrative creation and execution across all channels
leader - an inspiring leader of people, a thoughtful team-first manager, a great collaborator with stakeholders, a clarifier and someone who just gets things done
growth - a growth hacker at heart, an expert in driving growth across the user lifecycle
heart - you don't hesitate to roll up your sleeves, lead with your heart, and never give up
