Uber 621--Product-Marketing-Manager---Ubereverything---Couriers---New-York-City--Ny---Uber---Uber.Txt





uber is creating flexible ways to earn money for hundreds of thousands of drivers across the world. as a product marketing manager focused on driver partners and the delivery experience it's your job to be their champion: you understand what's important to them, and you're committed to helping them succeed.

we're providing a brand new way to partner with uber through delivery. as part of this new team you'll develop, execute and own the team's go-to-market, demand generation and lifecycle growth strategies for delivery partners. through the highly impactful programs you launch, you'll grow the number of drivers delivering with uber and making sure they're successful.

you also need analytical skills and experience driving growth as you will be responsible for global driver centered campaigns and will be constantly fine tuning many marketing levers to grow the community.

if you do all of this well we will create the community and components for work that puts them first. whether someone needs money as a part time student or even if they are already driving passengers on uber, you can help make it easy for them to earn money when they want.

growing the community and making our delivery partners better is a determining factor in moving to a world where the idea of sending something across town is as easy as pushing a button. we believe that people are one of the most important assets to uber and because of that we foster an environment that is welcoming to diverse perspectives.


craft impactful launch plans, including messaging, positioning, and pr strategies
partner with product, design & engineering to create simple, effective and delightful experiences for driver partners
execute effective acquisition & engagement campaigns that will grow the number of drivers delivering with uber
shape the uber brand to make delivering with uber one of the most coveted ways to earn money
drive research plans to derive customer insights, steer & validate the product roadmap, and stay on top of the competitive landscape
work closely with operations to provide them with the creative content, user insights and data analytics they need to succeed
inspire the ubereverything team with a compelling vision for partnering with drivers
be the advocate for drivers in all your interactions

minimum 5 years experience delivering highly successful go-to-market, demand generation and growth strategies with your fingerprints all over them - you're extremely proud of what you've accomplished
a bs/ms in computer science, mathematics, economics, business or a related field
very good at articulating the essence of products and the value they create. you can develop a excellent messaging hierarchy and effective content strategy plan. you can also play copywriter.
excellence in data-driven market research: you're a truth-seeker. you know your market, customers and competition better than anyone, and you're excellent at integrating this information into your growth strategies.
lead generation expertise: you can devise highly effective programs to generate qualified leads for your product. you're super creative and can rapidly execute on your ideas.
excellent email skills: you possess an uncanny ability to run and iterate on highly effective automated email marketing campaigns. experience with exacttarget, a plus.
to take initiative with data: you just go get the data you need with no muss/fuss and can turn it into an insightful story. you know how to leverage data to make decisions without getting stuck in paralysis by analysis. experience with sql is a plus.
a "driver" personality: you're biased toward action, a great collaborator and master disambiguator/simplifier. you never stop pushing towards clarity and delivery.
grittiness: you don't hesitate to take initiative and address something hands-on, you persevere when others give up.
true passion for uber's mission and the company's hybrid technology / operations nature.
