Uber 617--Marketing-Manager---Seo-Ubereats-Brasil---Sao-Paulo--Brazil---Uber---Uber.Txt




this is an exciting opportunity for an experienced seo manager to develop and implement ubereats' organic search strategy. the ideal candidate will have a track record of seo success across in-house or agency roles working on sites with millions of monthly visits from organic search traffic. they won't be afraid of digging into large sets of data to spot trends and opportunities. beyond that, they'll be very strong at analyzing our sites and market from all aspects of seo performance in order to discover, prioritize and execute on seo improvements, both tactical and strategic.  he or she will work closely with relevant teams including marketing, pr and product to serve as an advocate for seo and to ensure alignment of goals across all channels.
work with growth marketing leadership team to develop and drive the business plan for organic search.
engage and closely collaborate with the product and engineering teams to drive initiatives for best user experience, site architecture and taxonomy and content, impacting rankings of category keywords in organic search results.
create project goals and drive the deliverables with product teams to ensure timely delivery of changes and features and ensure proper implementation of the features.
manage tactical execution of organic search strategies that include, performing regular site audits, comprehensive and complex keyword research, analysis and portfolio management to identify and drive growth opportunities; on-site content optimization; ownership & reporting of key seo performance metrics.
partner with cross-functional teams to drive seo initiatives, including uber for business, uber api, uber for everything, communications, and hr.
partner with sem teams to quantify impact and prioritize target keyword.
manage and help plan support infrastructure, including any work with seo agencies, consultants and contractors.
manage and drive seo reporting construct, develop and present weekly updates to demonstrate the impact of company's investment to senior management.
4+ years of direct technical seo experience within e-commerce, global consumer branding organizations.
proven track record of optimizing large content sites for competitive terms and long tail keywords.
experience developing and implementing engaging content.
ability to demonstrate and articulate a strong philosophy around onsite optimization.
outstanding written communication and verbal presentation skills are essential.
deep knowledge of html, css, javascript.
direct experience with web analytics suites such as google analytics and deep knowledge of webmaster tools.
ba/bs in computer science, economics, mathematics or other quantitative disciplines.

