Uber 351--Greenlight-Supervisor---Myanmar---Yangon--Myanmar---Uber---Uber.Txt





uber has found an excellent product-market fit with its world-changing service, but we're still inventing our business every day. we're seeking greenlight supervisors to help develop a global network of in-person driver-partner support centers.

uber's driver-partners are our most important customers, and we're developing a premier customer service experience for them. greenlight centers help new partners get on the road for the first time, create engagement with the platform over time, and provide a home base for the driver community.

the greenlight supervisor is responsible for managing day-to-day operations of the center, and leading a team of representatives. in this role, you will lead representatives by example on how best to develop uber's relationship with partners, and support their operational needs.
support the representatives as someone knowledgeable of the subject matter on a per interaction basis.
handle escalations of more difficult support interactions.
work with the greenlight manager to create schedules, record attendance, and aid in the general administration of representatives.
train, instruct, and guide representatives to drive quality and efficiency metrics.
help with facility issues such as supplies, utilities, and branding.
improve processes on behalf of representatives and partners.
regularly contribute to the greenlight center through project work.

bachelor's degree with at least 3 year of relevant experience.
demonstrated background in solving complex customer problems.
customer support team management experience highly preferred.
previous experience with customer support or experience with zendesk is a nice bonus, but not required.
a problem solver. you're ready to address complex customer problems without hesitation.
a mentor. you're able to lead and develop your team to improve performance effectively.
independent. you're ready to manage a greenlight center while balancing multiple priorities.
analytical. you use metrics and data to guide and drive your decisions
.
