Uber 232--Growth-Marketing-Analyst--Ubereats---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt





we're looking for a marketing analyst on our ubereats performance marketing team to provide data expertise as we collectively drive growth and enhance user engagement. the right person for this role possesses a passion for improving techniques, processes, tracking, analytical insights, predictive modeling and technology used by marketing to achieve our aggressive supply and demand growth goals. this person will help address the complex challenges of marketing effectiveness, roi, optimization strategies, rider behavior and channel effectiveness.
as an early member of growth marketing analytics in ubereats, you will also help define the way marketing performance is calibrated and define what questions should be asked. you'll play a big part in finding opportunity fields to help the marketing function scale as we develop acquisition, retention and partnerships arms. since marketing analytics is part of our broader growth team, you will interact closely with team members in hq to develop product features, drive tests, and align metrics and participate in events on a global scale.
you will offer a strong marketing-driven data perspective while working closely with design, product and engineering. you will be on the cutting edge of analysis, leveraging our data sources to propose new ideas and drive key strategic decisions through both offline and online efforts.
mine data and analytics at the driver and rider level to gain a better understanding of their funnel and engagement behaviors, including impacts of current marketing strategies
be a key partner on performance marketing team. participate in project planning, prioritization and stakeholder meetings etc.
determine the proper metrics for tracking current and future experiments
develop dashboards that provide insights and visualization into channel performance relative to kpis, projections, and historical performance
implement and analyze a/b or multivariate tests to provide in-depth insights to the marketing team on the test data and understanding of marketing drivers' effects
present findings to senior management to drive business and marketing decisions
use tools such as excel, mixpanel, r, python to work efficiently at scale
bs/ms in engineering, computer science, math, economics, statistics, or equivalent experience
minimum 3 years of analytical and database experience
strong sql skills
proficiency with multiple analytic and database tools common within a marketing organization (e.g., mixpanel, tableau etc.)
strong data visualization skills
balance attention to detail with swift execution
hustle is essential, moving quickly and executing to allow for continual iteration is a core competency of our team
marketing analytics or consulting experience
experience creating dashboard reporting in r, shiny or a similar visualization tool a plus.
