Uber 86--Copywriter---Uber-Everything---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt





we are evolving the way the world moves. today, uber gets millions of people where they need to be in over 400 cities across the world. on the uber everything team we're building new products and services to move things around a city in the same seamless way. if done right, we believe this will transform communities, power businesses, and fundamentally change the way people live in cities.
we're looking for a copywriter with a consistent track record leading high-concept, story-driven campaigns. someone who understands brand strategy, works on global brands, and knows what it takes to design marketing programs that stand out. we're open this person being based in san francisco or new york.

learn more about the design team and the work being done here
https://www.uber.design

this is a multi-faceted role and this person should have proficiency in the following areas:
global perspective
this person will be focused on supporting and extending creative platforms around the world. the ideal candidate will have experience working in a global organization and understand the complexities inherent in launching creative around the world. experience writing brand and messaging guidelines is a must.
strategic planning
the candidate should have a solid understanding of our products and have the strategic prowess necessary to shepherd them into the future. a track record of business-focused, brief-driven, creative is a must. the candidate is skilled at writing for different audiences–he or she will be speaking to consumers, delivery partners, and business–and must be comfortable context switching throughout the day.
creative firepower
the candidate should be a shown creative thinker who understands story-driven, high-concept campaigns–film, interactive, print and outdoor advertising–as well as hard-working digital direct response campaigns.
social media chops
this candidate must have a solid understanding of how to use social to tell brand stories. he or she should have a point of view–and should be able to figure out what to build for instagram while waxing eloquently about how it ladders up to messaging on owned and paid channels.
teamwork
this candidate should have experience working with outside production departments and freelance resources. he or she can rally people around ideas and is skilled at selling through concepts to key stakeholders.
additional qualifications:
3+ years working as a copywriter in a creative agency or comparable in-house agency
has a good eye and can offer direction or critique design work when needed
experience managing multiple work streams across various mediums (digital, video, print, experiential, dm)
