Uber 363--Food-Program-Manager---Chicago--Il---Uber---Uber.Txt




manage and assist with all food service contracts in field offices, including greenlights, ensuring compliance against sow's and sla's
oversee and manage the entire rfp process for food services when applicable for us and canada
assist in architectural design of food preparation and food service areas
fit up – ensure the right equipment is specified, ordered and installed on time and under budget
safety and documentation – ensure that our food service program meets the highest standard of cleanliness and regulations and adheres to our eh&s requirements
you will have extensive knowledge of your region's food service ecosystem and culture.
based in chicago
ensure that our food program is maintaining at the highest level and has a scalable solution
develop and manage a good working relationship with our vendor/partners
assist in sourcing new partners for either snacks and beverages or catered food services when applicable or necessary
data tracking of all cost, spend rate, and forecasting as well headcount and cost center splits
assist the field with budgetary guidelines/recommendations
track kitchen and breakroom equipment as well as cleaning and maintenance schedules
get involved in all other facets of employee life at uber; wellness, events, initiatives
formulating innovative food initiatives
staying up to date with industry trends and sharing this data with the team. focused on continuous improvements in all areas of the operations
working closely with our run team for solutions to common challenges
support break room and pantry built outs so its efficient and effective for the users. with heavy traveling
be a positive influence on hiring and retention of contracted food service employees. also, being conscience of mentoring and coaching when needed
continuous sourcing and investigating on any new potential partners. researching their supply chain. make long term changes that benefit uber in a multitude of ways
be an integral member of the global workplace team
strategically elevating the program to achieve goals and keeping our folks efficient and happy.

at least 5 years of experience in managing food programs and
3 years of operating a corporate cafeteria programs
energetic person who wants to develop a food program for us; not just a standard implementation of what's been done before.
needs to be strategic and detail-oriented with strong analytical skills to evaluate and summarize data
experience in design development of small to large kitchens and break rooms, with strong emphasis on efficiencies
ability to negotiate and have a fierce approach with our vendor/partners present and future
a self motivator who requires minimal supervision
a team oriented leader. you will be interfacing with all level of uber employees, partners and designers. you are the key person to make sure we get and make great food at a great price that people love
ability to formulate metrics, trends, and analyzing the growth
leadership and people management skills, internal as well as vendor and partner
someone who can hit the grounds running and diving into the trenches at day one
a passion for uber.

the run organization is here to manage uber's facilities in a way that provides efficient, cost effective and functional spaces that meet the business' needs. the vision of the team includes:
providing spaces that inspire, reduce stress, and foster productivity through best-in-class service,
ensuring that uber offices reflect the uber culture while celebrating local culture,
protecting employees' well-being through safe and healthy offices and taking an integrated approach to full-cycle facilities management by always thinking about find, build, and run.
