Uber 81--Full-Stack-Engineer--Uber-Freight---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt





the operations experience group aims to make every uber freight operations person a superhero. this means you will build fast, informative tools to speed up the workflows around creating, selling, and booking freight; it means being passionate about automation to maintain a lean, quality-focused organization even as we scale dramatically; it means building predictive models and alerting mechanisms so we can address loads at risk of operational failure before the problems ever happen.
create tools and services to grow our freight business.
work closely with our operations team, product managers, designers and customer to build technologies to fuel the hyper growth of uber freight!
work across the stack from database schema design decisions to backend services to tweaking css.

minimum of 4 years experience.
bs/ms/phd in computer science or related field required
demonstrated experience shipping high-quality product features on schedule
command of a frontend stack (javascript/html/css). frameworks like react/flux/redux or angular.js are a plus.
knowledge of a backend stack, including technologies like golang, java, node.js, and how they interface with redis, kafka, or similar.
bias toward action. you believe that speed and quality aren't mutually exclusive. you've shown good judgment about shipping as fast as possible while ensuring your products and platforms are built in a sustainable, responsible way--and you're comfortable making mistakes, provided you learn from them.
unquenchable thirst for growth. you're not just looking for the next interesting challenge, but looking to push yourself to keep pace in our high growth environment.
willingness to mentor.  in a full-stack role, you are a polyglot, but maybe speak one language more fluently than another. help those that are the reverse!



trucks move everything you buy, why shouldn't booking a truck be as seamless as booking an uber?

uber freight connects shippers with carriers / truck drivers, much like the way the uber connects riders and drivers. the uber freight team believes that empowering truck drivers will bring more open, efficient, and increasingly safer transportation to our roads. we are a team of sharp, entrepreneurial individuals who are redefining the movement of goods around the world. we are currently looking for candidates to join our growing team who share our enthusiasm for tackling today's toughest challenges in transportation.
