Uber 606--Head-Of-Marketing--Uberfreight---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt





we're building a world class team at uber called uber freight, reinventing commercial transportation, the same way uber reinvented consumer transportation. this is an autonomous group within uber, moving in a fast paced, startup like environment, connecting shippers and truck drivers to create the commercial network of the future, bringing openness, efficiency, transparency and safety to our highways. we are a team of sharp, entrepreneurial individuals who are redefining the movement of things around the world.
on the uber freight team, we believe that our dedication to transportation technologies will bring more collaborative, highly efficient, and increasingly safer transportation logistics to our roads. we are currently looking for candidates to join our growing team who share our enthusiasm for tackling today's toughest challenges in transportation. when we see individuals truly owning their individual success, we succeed as a team.
with deep overall marketing strategy, this person will work closely with the uber freight leadership team to scope, create and execute a multi-year overall marketing strategy and marketing operations plan. this will encompass growth marketing, brand marketing, b2b marketing, product marketing, partnership marketing and communications.
you'll come with a track record of building world-class teams from scratch and systems tied directly to the bottom line results of the organization. in addition you should have had deep exposure to both performance and brand marketing.
come join us, and help us build a new fabric for logistics.
uber is looking to build out its uber freight marketing team with a head of marketing, who will directly lead a team of growth, crm, field/op, product and brand marketers to enable the overall marketing effectiveness and decision making across the entire freight business. building a team for success, she/he will drive smart roi driven marketing strategy and develop a strong brand within the logistics industry.
you'll be tasked  to help drive the story of uber freight and rapidly grow the carrier and shipper bases of our business by:
setting the marketing strategy & goals and building up platform and scaling key channels.
recruiting, coaching and leading the marketing team and utilizing the best strength of every team members.
launching, managing and optimizing new acquisition campaigns across all channels.
managing existing vendor relationships and sourcing new media.
executing all tracking and ensuring data integrity.
monitoring, measuring and optimizing all paid efforts.
prioritizing initiatives leading to the greatest returns for the company.
managing creative development and localization process for the region.
forecasting budgets, run rates, projections, and managing to a target.


the ideal person for this role is well-versed in all aspects of marketing with following attributes:
at least 12 years of experience on leading overall marketing.
commercially savvy, seasoned and tenacious enough to shape the business strategy.
understand market trends, competitive environment, produce evolution and ecosystem development.
work effectively across teams, locally and globally.
be a critical member of the worldwide marketing team, bringing to the table the opportunity, landscape and challenges about freight/logistics so as to influence and shape global marketing strategies and drive alignment.
be able to manage multiple marketing professionals, creating a people-centered organization with a team of outstanding professionals and high efficiency.

pluses

freight and logistics experience
building a brand from the ground up
work both globally and locally
manage systems and budget
strong digital / some tv and offline marketing experience
media buying and crm exposure

