Uber 137--Data-Scientist--Ai-Labs---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt





as a data scientist at ai labs you will enable the transition of cutting edge ai research from thought to implementation. the next-generation technology developed at uber ai labs will lead to a transformation in the transportation industry. your job will be to ensure that this technology has maximal impact on the world, by working closely with research scientists at ai labs as well as product teams across all of uber to develop and hone research breakthroughs into effective applications. we require data scientists who are passionate about learning new ideas and are not afraid to delve into new scientific areas that span the breadth of machine learning. you must be ready to take part in the entire research pipeline, from idea inception to technology deployment, and be willing to undertake the tasks necessary to bring cutting-edge technology to life on a truly massive scale.




core skill: demonstrated, sustained track record of successfully applying advanced ml models in practice at scale.

technical background: demonstrated competency in a highly technical quantitative field from operations research, machine learning, computer science, mathematics, statistics, economics, or a similar field.

large scale data management: ability to retrieve, process, and manipulate large data sources in an efficient and effective manner.

desired skills: previous experience with machine learning platforms, especially familiarity with modern ml packages (e.g. tensorflow, torch, theano, caffe), is a plus, but not necessary. experience with probabilistic programming and modeling is also very helpful, but not required.

team player: you believe that you can achieve more on a team — that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. you rely on others' candid feedback for continuous improvement.

clear thinker: we are looking for scientists who can think clearly and develop models that are most appropriate for any problem.

great communicator: you can describe and discuss technical details of models easily as well as reasons for why models might or might not work in a way that can be clearly understood.

passion for exploration: we tackle next-generation problems and algorithms. you must have a passion for learning new ideas. you will be expected to understand and contribute to the research that we conduct.

rigor: you require problems to be solved rigorously and carefully. you must be able to think scientifically, execute a well-controlled experiment, and show great attention to detail.
