Uber 589--Technical-Recruiter-Emea---Amsterdam--Netherlands---Uber---Uber.Txt




at uber, we pride ourselves on the amazing team we've built. the driver behind all our growth, our bold and disruptive brand, and the game changing technology we bring to market is the people that make uber well, uber. delivering a first class, on-demand transportation experience takes a critical eye for quality, and we want a technical recruiter who has the same critical eye for the top talent in the world.
the right person will be comfortable in an ownership environment, loves solving people problems and can thrive in a start-up culture.

self-driven. you have superior organizational skills, integrity and great follow through on tasks. you don't get overwhelmed easily and have experience of high volume hiring
naturally curious. you're innovative, extremely creative and constantly looking for ways to improve upon things.
obsessive about candidate experience. you are self aware, well-spoken on the phone and eloquent in emails. you're respectful of the candidate and the stressful process a job hunt can be.
motivated. you understand the impact of a highly-satisfied, excited crew; you are slightly obsessive-compulsive about grinding away at issues.
strong stakeholder manager - you have excellent communication skills, can provide insight and expertise up to director level and are used to helping drive decisions through data and reporting
a utility player. you're willing to help out wherever needed.
based from our regional hq in amsterdam, you'll be tasked with building super strong technical / engineering teams in our key emea locations.

this includes:
source top talents using a variety of creative techniques
manage hiring manager expectations and develop processes around interviewing
be knowledgeable about our business and why people should work here.
spread the uber message through attending networking events, e-meetups, etc.
work closely with our team to improve upon existing programs and develop innovative strategy around finding top talent.
manage the existing pipeline of candidates and identify what future opportunities they may be a fit for.

4+ years' experience, preferably in-house (with available metrics to back up how great you are!)
base location of / willingness to relocate to amsterdam
deep exposure to recruiting technical / engineering talents in a dynamic tech industry environment
creative solutions driven mindset
experience in a fast-growing tech environment a plus
solid understanding of our vision, business model and operations
stellar networking skills and the ability to make smart recruiting partnerships happen
fluency in multiple languages is a plus
