Uber 295--Head-Of-Marketing---Vietnam---Uber---Uber.Txt



as the head of marketing for vietnam, you will be an essential member of the country leadership team. through building marketing strategies to grow our user base, you will connect audiences with the magic of the uber platform.  whether it be acquisition, email or digital campaigns, our marketing team is integral part of our growth in each market.  as innovation, localization and creative problem solving are key in this role, cross functional and regional collaborating are paramount in building a world class marketing function in vietnam.

define and execute the marketing strategy for uber in vietnam
design, implement and track end-to-end acquisition, engagement, retention and brand marketing initiatives for the region across driver and rider audiences.
champion user needs to appropriately position uber in your market based on consumer insights.
launch integrated marketing initiatives across digital, social, offline, btl and communications
set the true north for creative and branding excellence across vietnam
be the general manager's trusted advisor for developing our marketing strategy in sync with product, operations, communication and policy teams at the local and regional level.
build, develop and grow a world-class marketing team


minimum of 10 years experience defining and implementing successful marketing strategies in fast-paced consumer environments
portfolio of accomplishments in brand marketing and innovation.
demonstrated experience in growth marketing across acquisitions, same-store growth and field marketing.
deep understanding of vietnam's consumer and media landscapes.
experience working in a data driven environment
excellent written and verbal communication at an executive level


as part of the larger regional marketing team, our in country marketing team is responsible for creating, implementing and managing city and country wide campaigns. vietnam's team manages both online and offline media acquisition as well as builds partnerships throughout the country to enhance our brand presence. with regional collaboration, our team is constantly using creativity to implement innovative initiatives that will have the best outcome for our riders and drivers.

