Uber 162--Financial-Analyst---Strategy-&-Planning---Comm-Ops---Mexico-City--Mexico---Uber---Uber.Txt






we're looking for an all-star financial analyst to join the global community operations network team. the financial analyst help the invoice reconciliation and spend analysis for our support centers globally. this individual will work closely with finance, accounting, and strategy & planning teams to support the community operations organization.

this is a high-visibility position that interacts with a broad stakeholder group. this exciting role requires a superior, self-directed individual with strong attention to detail, great organizational skills, and the ability to meet tight deadlines. the successful candidate will be process-oriented  and highly self-motivated with a strong sense of initiative, anticipating needs and driving process improvement.

sophisticated financial and operational modeling - know how to build and work within existing complex models. help us understand our business and opportunities
scale and transition from startup to mature enterprise - we need the best people on board to help us refine our planning processes, and ensure finance standard methodologies and accountability are spread throughout the organization
manage relationships with global stakeholders across community operations team, and finance
help us scale / transition from startup to mature enterprise.  this entails refining our planning processes, and ensuring finance best practices and accountability is spread throughout the organization
help drive requirements and implementation for financial planning and business intelligence systems
propose and perform analysis on new opportunities to make operations more efficient
special projects / ad hoc analyses - new initiatives, products, risks and opportunities are constantly arising


bs/ba in finance, accounting, economics, engineering or similar
minimum 1 year in banking, management consulting and/or corporate finance / operational fp&a
extraordinary excel / financial modeling skills. best practices are second-nature, you can handle complexity but strive for simplicity
attention to detail combined with swift execution. we need to do things quickly and we need to do them well
hustle - hustle and passion are the lifeblood of uber. we move fast and deliver results because of our hustle and passion
excellent communication (written and verbal) and relationship building skills - numbers are key, but a business is built with people. you possess the ability to distill complex analyses and nuanced problems into simple, logical frameworks with concrete action plans. high emotional intelligence and adept communication are required in our fast-moving environment
highly organized and over communicator
professional proficiency in spanish and english


entrepreneurial self-starter - you will take initiative, be enthusiastic and resourceful, set and drive toward solutions / goals in a fast-paced, rapidly-evolving environment
experience either in a high-growth tech startup or a large, well-established company


at uber, providing extraordinary customer support to riders and driver partners is a core feature of our product experience. the community operations team is pioneering how uber manages rider and driver support around the globe during our most critical incidents and accidents. delivering this support isn't easy - it takes leaders who can understand uber's operations, adapt to our constantly changing business, and help solve problems where no solution currently exists
