Uber 381--Public-Policy-Senior-Associate---Uk-&-Ireland---London--United-Kingdom---Uber---Uber.Txt



longer term, we're optimistic that smartphone apps like uber can also offer a real alternative to individual car ownership.  after all, if you can press a button and get an affordable ride across town in minutes 24-hours a day, why bother to own a car?  there is an alternative to a world that looks like a parking lot and moves like a traffic jam. join uber to help make that future possible.

about public policy at uber
our public policy team is responsible for working with policy makers and third parties to make the positive case for uber.  that's partly about building lasting relationships in the cities where we operate with politicians and their staff so they understand the benefits of ridesharing.  it also about figuring out the best local regulatory framework and then developing campaigns to push reform through.

we are looking for someone to work on our government affairs & policy team in the uk & ireland, based in london.  you will report directly to our head of public policy for the uk & ireland.  this role will involve:

supporting uber's government affairs & policy team in the uk & ireland;
establishing uber's brand and profile with policy makers
—including governments, third parties and academics
; and
working to ensure that the regulatory framework in the uk & ireland supports apps like uber.


to succeed you'll need to be:

a self starter
:  uber is a company of entrepreneurs and we want to work with people who enjoy building things from the bottom up.  stuff changes fast in our world so you'll need to be highly adaptable as well as calm under pressure.
a great advocate
:
we're looking to create new regulatory frameworks that encourage innovation and alternatives to individual car ownership.  you'll need the intellectual fire power to grasp complex policy issues as well as the ability to articulate clearly and simply how apps like uber can help improve transportation for everyone
—both orally and in writing
.
a strong campaigner
:  smartphone apps are disruptive, and the interests being disrupted are deeply entrenched.  so you'll need to put together proactive campaigns involving passengers, drivers and third parties that demonstrate there's a better alternative to today's outdated status quo.  that means having a bias for action in everything you do—and a willingness to engage in debates, that can often become heated.
a skilled writer
: uber's policy agenda is simple-advance public policy that benefits riders, drivers, and cities. you'll need to creatively condense the thorniest policy arguments and research into language simple enough for anyone to understand.
a team player:
success at uber depends on the ability to organize different teams (internally and externally) around shared goals.  it's why we're looking for well organized people who enjoy working with others to get stuff done—and who can deal with the ambiguity that sometimes comes from working cross-functionally.

ideally you would have 5+ years in government affairs, but we're open to people in other walks of life (e.g. the law, media, consultancy) that intuitively get this stuff and may be looking for a career change.

