Uber 97--Product-Manager---Driver-Growth---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt


the role | driver growth and funnel

onboarding new drivers is the lifeblood that powers uber's striking growth and creates a path to economic empowerment for millions of people every year. your work helps those who need it most: millions of drivers use uber to meet financial needs at all points on the continuum, from putting food on the table, to generating spending money during grad school, to saving up for a special vacation.
serving drivers with these different needs & objectives, and considering a global scope, your role is complex and broad. as the pm lead of this team you will develop and execute on the vision, strategy and roadmap that enables anyone in the world to try driving, from signup to their first trip. you will also create an extensible platform that simplifies this process while creating a delightful experience for people across all our product lines (ridesharing, delivery, freight and others in the future). you are highly customer obsessed, deep into data and user research, and excel at leading a talented team of engineers, designers, data scientists and others to deliver on this mission.


what

you'll

be

doing
internalize and deeply understand uber's mission and strategies, as well as the mission and objectives of your specific team
distill vision and strategy for the team, get all members of cross-functional team #superpumped.
be deeply truth-seeking. collect whatever data is necessary to inform product direction, whether in the form of competitive intel, rider behavior or other business metrics. solicit and embrace critical feedback.
drive cross-functional team to set qualitative objectives and quantitative goals
drive innovation, definition, deliverables planning (roadmap) and design of entirely new uber products and product features to deliver against team and company goals. requires challenging all members of cross-functional team (engineering, design, etc.) to think boldly and creatively and then to funnel that energy into concrete products and execution plans.
drive definition of and execution against product go-to-market plan, including phasing and marketing.
monitor and measure launched products and feed insights back into product development process.
clearly communicate product plans, benefits and results, as appropriate, to a spectrum of audiences, from internal partners to all uber employees to riders.
a computer science undergraduate degree or equivalent plus hands-on software engineering experience. technical understanding must go from the highest abstractions down to the metal.
experience delivering highly successful and creative consumer internet products with your fingerprints all over them - you're proud of what you've accomplished.
stellar design instincts and product taste - own what you build.
a high bar across the board - from your own contributions to the people you work with to the products you work on.
grittiness. you never hesitate to roll up your sleeves and take something on, you persevere when others fall away.
finger-tippiness with data: you just go get the data you need with no muss/fuss and can whip it into an insightful story with no help. you know how to use data to make decisions without getting stuck in analysis paralysis.
rider-centricity - examples from your past of tough product challenges that you powered through because you were unwilling to make your problems your riders' problems.
true passion for uber's mission and the company's hybrid technology / operations nature.
a never-ending desire to grow and learn.

