Uber 511--Lead-Product-Marketing-Manager--Driver-Growth---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt

uber's service is changing the world, but we're still just getting started. we're seeking a small group of incredibly talented product leaders to define and execute an audacious vision that builds upon what uber has brought to the world so far.

if you have the right stuff to join the uber product marketing team, you'll collaborate with star product managers, engineers, and designers in a fast-paced, rapidly growing, hybrid technology/operations environment. as a pmm you will need to be both an inspiring storyteller and a quantitative blackbelt so that you can “own the narrative, and own the results.” the role demands technical depth, principled problem-solving, well honed product judgment, a stubborn refusal to settle, bold innovation, a high quality bar and a mentality of always starting with the user.

sound like you? read on…

as a product marketing manager on the driver growth team, you will be a true growth hacker. you'll bring new users to our platform by digging into the data, ideating, testing, and optimizing. you will envision and execute go-to-market strategies for key features that eliminate barriers to onboarding, make it easy for our driver partners to start earning quickly, and/or break open new acquisition channels. you'll lead a team of talented pmms and work side-by-side by with product marketing, engineering, data science and design to develop amazing experiences for our users and drive massive efficiencies for our business model.

passion for uber's mission and the company's hybrid technology / operations nature.
10+ years combined product and growth marketing experience delivering highly successful growth, user acquisition and engagement strategies, with a focus on developer marketing.
finger-tippinesses with data: you just go get the data you need with no muss/fuss and can whip it into an insightful story with no help. you know how to leverage data to make decisions and drive growth. you have experience running rigorous multivariate testing.
top-notch at market research: you're a truth-seeking missile. you know your market, customers and competition better than anyone, and you're strong at integrating this information into your growth strategies.
master storyteller: you can craft a compelling narrative across different channels - you know how to match the message to the medium
scary-good at articulating the essence of products and the value they create. you can develop a strong messaging hierarchy and effective content strategy plan. you can also play copywriter.
an “owner” personality: you're biased toward action, a great collaborator and master disambiguator/simplifier. you never stop pushing towards clarity and delivery.
an expert in test-and-learn growth hacking: you possess an uncanny ability to run and iterate on highly effective automated marketing campaigns.
grittiness: you never hesitate to roll up your sleeves and pursue something hands-on, you persevere when others fall away.
