Uber 60--Product-Manager---Uber-Freight---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt









trucks move everything you buy, why shouldn't booking a truck be as magical as booking an uber?

uber freight is seeking experienced product managers who aren't afraid to take on the hairy, complex, and profitable business of trucking and turn it into something simple, thoughtful, and magical. each member of our small team of product managers is responsible for a lot of scope and should be comfortable juggling many work streams without letting things fall through the cracks. product managers should constantly drive the vision and priorities for their entire team, and they should not be afraid to ship a minimal viable product. they should be at home as the ceo of their team's products and function as a product leader and prioritize effectively, both internally and externally.

we are seeking experienced product leaders for the following roles:

truck driver app pm
- our trucker app is what allows carriers to book loads and get paid instantly. as app pm, you are responsible for building features that surprise and delight our community of drivers and help them make more money by hauling freight.
growth pm
- the role of the growth pm is hack and optimize growth in any way imaginable to ensure that the marketplace is always balanced between shippers and carriers.







defining and communicating product plan from conception to launch
analyzing the results of a launch and creating the plan to iterate and build new features
prioritizing features based on business impact and available resources
proactively filling communication gaps amongst all team members
growing and eventually managing top performing teams
contributing to technical conversations around deadlines and engineering solutions
drive product research priorities for the research team
make magic out of the complicated and antiquated freight industry through intense focus on simplification and shipping minimal viable products

5+ years of relevant experience in product management
minimum of a bachelor's degree (preferably in either computer science/engineering or a quantitative domain (math/stats/physics) with engineering work experience)
track record of successfully launching software products from 0 to 1 on a large scale
experience communicating technical concepts to a non-technical audience
technical expertise and the ability to question, understand, and challenge software implementation decisions and priorities.
passionate curiosity to learn and adapt to dynamic research, development and industry knowledge
a bold and optimistic personality: we're coming to work everyday challenging the status quo, and we're looking for people comfortable asking bold, quirky questions, along with the mental resilience to know we're just at the start of a long journey.


uber freight connect shippers with truckers, much like the way that uber connects riders and drivers. we are a team of sharp, entrepreneurial individuals who are redefining the movement of things around the world. on the uber freight team, we fiercely believe that our dedication to transportation technologies will bring more harmonious, highly efficient, and increasingly safer transportation logistics to our roads.



