Uber 601--Embedded_Mobile-Engineer---Maps-Research---Palo-Alto--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt




do you want to push the limits of what is possible in terms of applying artificial intelligence techniques on mobile phones? recent developments in mobile computing mean that many applications that used to be limited to the cloud can now run on mobile devices and other embedded systems with lower latency, better battery and even when offline.

uber is looking for adaptable embedded/mobile engineers that want to push the limits on this to enable new sensor and vision-related applications. do you know the pros and cons of running algorithms on a gpu vs dsp vs cpu? how would you even measure which is better? know how to milk every last ounce of performance using low-level systems like vulkan and metal? and, do you know to do with without melting the phone and putting it into thermal shutdown? want to work with world-class researchers making their algorithms run on mobile devices?

we're looking for people who have the following characteristics:

fast learner. we're looking for team members who thrive on applying their knowledge, learning new technologies and don't believe in one-size-fits-all solutions. you should be able to adapt easily to meet the rapid pace of a rapidly evolving research, development, and testing environment.
fearlessness. you think a working proof-of-concept is the best way to make a point. you strive on proving that speed and quality are not conflicting; that you can achieve both at the same time.
versatility. in addition to having an intimate knowledge of core engineering fields, you understand how all the pieces fit together into integrated systems, and how they impact performance.
passion. you feel ownership over everything you ship; you'd never call code or design "released" until you're confident it's correct. you pride yourself on efficient monitoring, strong documentation, and proper test coverage.
a team player. you believe that you can achieve more on a team — that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. you rely on others' candid feedback for continuous improvement.

as part of uber's larger sensing effort, we are building new capabilities that will allow us extract valuable bits of information from imagery and sensors in order to optimize and augment maps in real time.
this will have a direct impact on both riders and drivers by helping them connect faster and get to their destinations more efficiently and safely.  we are looking for an embedded/mobile engineer who is will work with researchers to deliver impact to uber's users by pushing processing at the edge as far as is possible.

requirements:
bachelor's degree in ee, cs, ce or related disciplines.
expertise with mobile development.
expertise with performance optimization on mobile, including profiling
expertise working out how to divide work between multiple processors on mobile (cpu vs gpu vs dsp) preferred
interest in applying machine learning & computer vision to resource constrained devices (such as mobile phones)
interest in android development (with experience preferred)
ability to cooperate closely, jam and brainstorm with engineers, and be able to interact on topics like algorithms.
data oriented - i.e. be able to set up experiments to measure things that will in turn drive decisions.
ability to move between hacky solutions (when necessary) to quality engineering practices (when necessary).
the rare opportunity to change the world such that everyone around you is using the product you built. we're not just another social web app, we're moving real people and assets and reinventing transportation and logistics globally.
sharp, motivated co-workers in a fun office environment.

be sure to check out the
uber engineering blog
to learn more about the team.

