Uber 163--Product-Manager---People-Platform---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt





as we grow the size of the company, making sure we have the right people, with the right potential, doing the right work is imperative. we want to build and grow products that continually raise the already high bar of talent at uber, as well as increase mobility and growth opportunities for everyone. if you're passionate about people, this is the perfect role for you!

key problems to solve include:
recruiting
- how do we continue to grow the company by finding the very best talent and getting them into the right roles?
organization

management
- how do we run our organizational structures and make it simpler and easier to adapt quickly to the constantly evolving landscape that uber is driving innovation in?
people

success
- how do we make sure that people get the feedback and mentorship they need to grow at uber?
platform
- how do we create the underlying infrastructure to support a wide range of tools and services to ensure the uber team is well supported.


a computer science undergraduate degree or equivalent plus hands-on software engineering experience.
experience delivering highly successful and innovative consumer internet products with your fingerprints all over them - you're extremely proud of what you've accomplished.
experience building marketing related product desired, but not required.
stellar design instincts and product taste.
a high bar across the board - from your own contributions to the people you work with to the products you work on.
a “driver” personality - biased toward action, great collaborator and master disambiguator/simplifier - constantly pushing toward clarity and delivery.
grittiness. you never hesitate to roll up your sleeves and take something hands-on, you persevere when others fall away.
finger-tippiness with data: you get the data you need with no muss/fuss and can whip it into an insightful story with no help. you know how to leverage data to make decisions without getting stuck in analysis paralysis.
true passion for uber's mission and the company's hybrid technology / operations nature.
a never-ending desire to grow and learn.


if you have the right stuff to join the uber product team, you'll work among star engineers, designers and product managers in a rapidly growing, hybrid technology/operations environment. we are highly rider-centric and we deeply believe we can innovate our way out of any box. the role demands great technical depth, principled thinking, well honed product judgment, a stubborn refusal to settle, bold innovation, a high design bar and a mentality of starting with the rider and working backwards.
