Uber 568--City-Lead--Lisbon---Ubereats---Lisboa--Portugal---Uber---Uber.Txt






as the city lead for ubereats in your city, you will have the unique opportunity to scale and develop our food delivery platform in one of our key markets globally. balancing the needs of the consumer, the restaurant partner and the delivery partner is very complex. add to that the fact that we're delivering a perishable product on demand and at massive scale and you have a really fascinating set of challenges to navigate. but food is also fun, and our users are passionate about eating great food, so you get to operate in a world that consumers love!


we're looking for someone who has that mix of operational prowess to get great work done, the negotiation and collaboration skills needed to bring out the best from our restaurant partners, the innovation and creative thinking that's required to develop outside the box solutions, and the emotional intelligence required to lead a fast paced business and inspire a team of people.

this is the ideal role for someone who has experience building out processes, who's obsessed with tinkering and iterating to obtain operational excellence and ‘uber' quality throughout the customer's experience. local marketing, marketplace efficiency, quality and experience sit under the city lead's umbrella of responsibilities. deeply understanding your market and and building local partnerships is critical. this is where creativity meets analytics and execution head on.


get to know your market insight out and develop a strong network in your city to identify opportunities that can contribute to the success of the business
develop a strong relationship with our restaurant partners, be their best ally to develop their business and grow alongside ubereats
work with the iberia ubereats team to optimize the platform for your city's local needs. you'll need to dive into the details about how efficiently the marketplace runs (speed, reliability, cost per trip) as well as improving the quality of the experience for lisbon's consumers, restaurant partners and delivery partners
collaborate with the central operations and sales teams to scale your market efficiently
initiate creative local marketing strategies and partnerships that are relevant in portugal
run local experiments, from temperature control to electric bicycle solutions. we're always looking for a better way!
manage local regulatory issues and local politics within the food delivery ecosystem
continue to grow the portuguese market through user acquisition and geographic expansion, and driving consumer, restaurant and delivery partner loyalty
help scale ubereats to other cities through developing and sharing best practices

4+ years in business management experience (e.g., management consulting, private equity, investment banking, operations) in a rapidly changing environment; start-up experience an asset. evidence of complete ownership of a p&l a plus
data-driven decision mentality and sound business judgement - you understand what drives value for each group in our marketplace and can make sensible commercial decisions to reflect this
effective project management - experience delivering on a multifaceted projects with many stakeholders
strong decision making under pressure and with incomplete information
stellar relationship building skills and the ability to make smart partnerships happen, from negotiation to execution
experience leading a team, with willingness to invest in the coaching and development of your team members
ability to adapt with resilience and humility

