Uber 655--Product-Designer--Uber-Freight---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt





we'd like someone who can operate strategically and tactically, switching effortlessly between the two. we're still a small team and day-to-day duties can vary quite a bit from exporting svgs for engineers to leading design sprints and selling big ideas to stakeholders. we do it all on freight design.
top-notch craftsmanship: your portfolio has some amazing work. you're a walking encyclopedia of microinteractions in use (on web, desktop, mobile, etc), and have nuanced views on how to make many of them even better
record of shipping great experiences: you've weathered release cycles and know what details matter at each stage, how to motivate engineers to get the fit and finish right, how to translate insights from user studies into meaningful action, and what's most likely to go afoul at each stage
you can share several shining examples of real work you've shipped, and what you learned along the way
capability to drive product decisions: you're a product manager's secret weapon. you thrive best when helping to define the requirements, not just translating them into designs. you facilitate and draw the best design ideas from teammates.
a never ending focus on your users: you don't hesitate to call dispatchers, hop on a plane to meet with our ops team or do a ridealong with a driver to uncover the truth about what they need. back at the office, you happily speak on behalf of your users and work hard to help your collaborators understand them.
attention to the bottom-line: analytics don't intimidate you, and you know which features can act as multipliers on your company's business model
great skills of planning and prioritization that lets you be more flexible: you have a demonstrated ability to take large complex projects and create a clear timeline of tasks and deliverables in a way that leverages teammates, tests, and iterates
cross-platform comfort: hopefully you've shipped something across several platforms. you know what translates from desktop and what doesn't, or why you'd opt for one solution for ios and another on android

3+ years of product design experience
expert at developing and conveying ideas clearly in written and visual format - making business concepts and data visually engaging through use of color, typography, images, infographics, and animation
mastery of sketch, illustrator, after effects, and google slides
attention to detail — every decision matters
deadline-driven with the ability to prioritize projects concurrently
eagerness to research and be with your users
ability to work collaboratively with people from all disciplines and levels
ability to improvise and find creative solutions

uber freight is building the “uber for trucking,” and reshaping the business that moves everything around us. we're building a team of designers that are highly skilled at their chosen areas of focus and passionate about their craft and continuous improvement.
