Uber 682--Product-Manager---Financial-Intelligence---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt





as the product manager for financial intelligence, you will envision and execute on a strategy and product roadmap to enable incisive, real-time decision-making. you will build an elite forecasting platform that allows uber to formulate strategies and run its business intelligently.

you will be responsible for overall metrics and business impact of your programs. you will hire and grow product managers into strong leaders and help them shape objectives, critical metrics and roadmaps.

your performance is measured by the impact of the products you launch and by your ability to lead and inspire a high-performing cross-functional team that includes product, engineering, data, finance, design and operations.

lead product management for uber's real-time financials product, capabilities that include compliance workflows, data analytics and reporting and core platform
spearheading user research and incorporating the insights you discover into new product ideas
build a roadmap for analytics product in collaboration with leaders within the finance organization
partner with the engineering teams to leverage and influence the direction of the platform
work closely with designers and analysts to deliver and enhance the products


minimum 4 years experience leading product and data teams and delivering highly successful and innovative products with your fingerprints all over them - you're very proud of what you've accomplished.
a computer science undergraduate degree or equivalent, preferably including hands-on software engineering experience. technical understanding must go from the highest abstractions down to the metal.
mba or master's degree
agile/scrum product owner experience
a “driver” personality - constantly pushing toward clarity and delivery while balancing the need for great collaboration.
grittiness. you never hesitate to roll up your sleeves and pursue something hands-on, you persevere when others fall away.

fintech is pioneering in providing real-time financial data so that team around the company can make much more informed and smart decisions. to power these decisions and ensure data integrity, we have assembled a team of product managers and engineers focussed on creating world class financial products.
