Uber 220--Hr-Business-Partner--Tech---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt




about the role

we're looking for an hr business partner who will align business goals with employees and management for our engineering teams. you are effectively a consultant to management on business issues, and a guide to managers and employees.

this role is all about collaborating on the people strategy of the tech organization, and enriching the support structure for management. additionally, you will have the opportunity to help create programs and processes from scratch.

consult with managers and provide guidance and coaching when appropriate
partner with your clients to roll out all key people processes (performance management, compensation, benefits, development programs, etc).
be knowledgeable about our business
provide guidance and input on workforce planning, succession planning, compensation, benchmarking, etc
identify training needs for business units and individual executive coaching needs.
maintain in depth knowledge of legal requirements related to day-to-day management of employees, reducing legal risks and ensuring regulatory compliance
minimum 8 years of relevant hr experience, preferably partnering with technical and/or engineering functions
strong understanding of hr programs including compensation, performance management, and leadership development
understanding of various employment laws and their impact on hr matters.
a track record of providing hr consultation to senior leadership on strategic initiatives
demonstrated ability to partner within and outside of hr
knowledge and experience in technology businesses including a familiarity with global hr practices and policies
unquestioned integrity with assertiveness, presence, and confidence.
excellent influencing skills at all levels in the organization and extreme flexibility to be proactive in a fast paced, ever changing environment. competence in making timely, effective, principles-based decisions
tenacity and ability to build from scratch are imperative
strong written and verbal communication skills,  presentation skills; analytical and problem solving abilities
must be able to travel, including short-term assignments based upon business requirements
bachelor's degree required;  master's degree preferred


our hr business partners work with our client groups to align people strategies with business goals and help drive the greatest business impact through people. we drive seamless execution of hr processes and programs, prepare the talent of today for the business needs of tomorrow, and champion our culture.
hrbps strive to find the most optimal, fair, and uber solutions and opportunities to enable employees (and their teams) to grow and develop into amazing employees and managers. hrbps are ultimately partners to the business, so we consult and help to guide you to a recommended solution.
