Uber 536--Data-Foundations--Software-Engineer--Self-Driving---Pittsburgh--Pa---Uber---Uber.Txt






we are seeking software engineers working on large-scale distributed systems with independent problem solving skills and a high level of technical curiosity. our organizational challenges are unique, so you should be comfortable in uncharted territory and pumped to build systems that can support cities of 100,000 and 10 million people alike.

you know how to leverage infrastructure to design and build reliable distributed systems that move and process large volumes of data.
you should be able to adapt easily to meet the needs of our massive growth and rapidly evolving business environment.
support the code you design and write in production


fast learner. we're looking for software engineers who thrive on learning new technologies and don't believe in one-size-fits-all solutions. action. you think a working proof-of-concept is the best way to make a point. you thrive on the belief that quality doesn't have to be compromised to achieve speed - you can have both at the same time.
versatility. in addition to having an intimate knowledge of core engineering fields, you understand how all the pieces fit together into integrated systems, and how they impact performance.
passion. you feel ownership over everything you ship. you pride yourself on efficient monitoring, excellent documentation, and proper test coverage.
customer focus. you build relationships with customers to understand their needs and drive toward providing solutions to real problems. you understand the importance of usability when designing systems.
team player mentality. you believe that you can achieve more on a team - that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. you rely on others' candid feedback for continuous improvement.
design and business acumen. whether you're working on an api used by other developers, an internal tool consumed by our operation teams, or a feature used by millions of customers, your attention to details leads to a delightful user experience.


excellent skills in triaging, isolating, documenting, and tracking issues systematically.
experience with distributed machine learning systems.
excellent communication skills and a desire to collaborate across multiple teams.
strong c++, python, and/or go skills.
experience working in an agile environment.
strong linux background - have used linux daily and are comfortable using it as your primary environment.


at the advanced technologies group (atg), we are building technologies that will transform the way the world moves. our teams in pittsburgh, san francisco, phoenix, and toronto are dedicated to mapping, software and hardware development, vehicle safety, and operations for self-driving technology. our teams are passionate about developing a self-driving system that will one day move people and things around more safely, efficiently, and cost effectively.
the onboard integration team is responsible for developing the core apis and libraries and for each self-driving platform so that our teams can develop on top of it in a seamless and scalable way.

