Uber 185--Business-Analyst--Community-Operations--Ubereats---Egypt---Uber---Uber.Txt




ubereats is seeking a community operations business analyst who will focus on providing actionable insights to the community operations team as well as the broader ubereats organization.

this is a critical startup-within-a-much-larger-startup role as it is not only about writing database queries but also about finding actionable insights through in-depth data analysis, you will work with a team of business intelligence enthusiasts who are passionate about turning raw data into business ideas. your analyses will bring essential insights to other operations team within the organization and help to take ubereats to the next level.

we are moving a mile a minute to make sure that uber users, partner restaurants, and partner drivers are able to experience the magic of ubereats. therefore the right candidate should be excited to go the same pace, thrive in a start up environment and be comfortable in an “all hands on deck” environment.


bachelor's degree or above.
minimum 2 years of full time work experience in an analytical role in finance, consulting or tech industry.
spreadsheet (excel and google sheet) experience. working experience with sql and relational databases. hive, r or python experience preferred.
comfort working in a geographically distributed and cross-functional, multinational environment.
excellent english communication skills, both written and in person.
need little oversight and prioritize and fulfill your tasks completely on your own. you actively seek to solve challenging problems to make ubereats a success.
superior organizational skills, integrity, and great follow-through on tasks.


ensure data integrity across commops core set of organizational and operational metrics, including those in various dashboards and presentations.
become the central point-of-contact when internal stakeholders need data; provide ad-hoc analytical support to internal stakeholders
own detailed day-to-day tasks around data management while working as part of  projects with multiple moving parts in a fast paced environment
plan financial budget for the regional commops team via detailed financial modelling; monitor and control spend
work cross-functionally and globally with other teams teams across central operations, product operations, city teams, and finance.
find insights from uber data; analyze and use data to tell compelling stories in business presentations to internal stakeholders.
