Uber 642--Mechanical-R&D-Test-Engineer---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt






as a hardware test engineer on the v&v team, you will participate in requirements engineering, develop hardware verification and validation plans, develop test cases, design/build test fixtures, execute tests and document results, validate components and systems.
characterize and test mechanical, thermal, and vibrational properties of self-driving vehicle compute systems, cameras, lidar, and mechanical structures.
design, build and maintain mechanical test fixtures.
develop test cases to validate reliability of components
develop tools and methods to automate testing for rapid deployment
perform quantitative tests to determine how temperature, humidity, and mechanical stress impact subsystem performance
write test scripts in high-level languages like python, labview or matlab to automate test equipment.
utilize data acquisition systems to collect data
maintain engineering processes, documentation, and configuration management
creative problem solving
prototype development and testing experience
detailed experience with reliability tests (thermal, shock, vib, uv, etc)
broad general mechanical engineering knowledge
familiarity with circuits and software control of instruments
great data gathering and analytical skills
bs in mechanical engineering or a related field and 5 years of work experience or
advanced degree (masters, ph.d.) in mechanical engineering or a related field and 3 years of relevant work experience.
experience with safety-critical hardware systems and components
understanding of automotive applications and standards
experience in agile project environments
can bus vehicle standard familiarity


at the advanced technologies group (atg), we are building technologies that will transform the way the world moves. our teams in pittsburgh, san francisco, phoenix, and toronto are dedicated to mapping, software and hardware development, vehicle safety, and operations for self-driving technology. our teams are passionate about developing a self-driving system that will one day move people and things around more safely, efficiently, and cost effectively.

our hardware team's role is to develop and integrate uber self-driving technologies into existing and future vehicle platforms of multiple oem's at scale.
