Uber 602--Design-Manager--Marketplace---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt



the marketplace dynamics group creates the platform, products, and algorithms responsible for the real time execution and online optimization of uber's marketplace. we are creating the brain of uber, solving np-hard algorithms and economic optimization problems at scale, in real time, making all of the decisions for uber's marketplaces based on up-to-the-second data as well as forecasts of the future. and we're not just talking about designing algorithms - we also develop extensive production systems to fuel these algorithms from the ground up.

our group's systems control the dynamics of all of uber's markets, from our core personal transport business with uberx and uberpool, to uber's emerging markets such as ubereats and uberrush. we focus on areas like dynamic pricing (surge pricing, upfront pricing), intelligent dispatching (matching algorithms, dispatch paradigms), and supply positioning (optimal positioning of drivers in anticipation of demand patterns). the goal of these systems is to dramatically lower cost & etas for riders, increase revenue for driver partners, improve the overall efficiency and utilization of uber's fleet of supply, and enable products in entirely new marketplaces.

our group is continuously deploying a variety of system configuration and algorithmic changes that affect how we respond to and attempt to balance supply and demand in different markets - any given week could involve deploying a new real time dynamic pricing algorithm, testing a set of new dispatching features, and launching a supply positioning recommendation system to drivers. in addition to all of the changes that the teams in the marketplace dynamics group are constantly making in order to optimize uber's marketplace, there are scores of other changes external to our control happening in each city's markets: rider growth, driver growth, trip growth, cyclical daily/weekly demand patterns, special events, weather, and even uber promotions like kittens and ice cream.

we're seeking a world-class design leader to guide and help designers and researchers on our product team realize uber's global vision, and together, become the best design team in the industry.

you are an amazing hands on designer and mentor: your portfolio is so inspiring that we'd consider you for a staff level position, but your interests lie more in helping others become amazing designers.
you know how to set the bar high: uber ships fast. you know what quality looks like and how to help product teams ship at that quality with minimal effects on velocity.
you teach the hard and the soft skills: you help designers become the collaborative glue that inspires product management and engineering while also developing their core competencies at envisioning what could be.
you hire world-class professionals: your network gets a slow clap from recruiters. you're able to create the systems for you (and others) to effectively evaluate and hire designers and researchers who can take uber to new levels of excellence.
you catalyze initiative across the whole team: you improve the entire design and product teams, not just your direct reports. as a leader and example-setter you should be more effective when you're not even in the room. your processes will be celebrated, emulated and copied by teams throughout the organization.
