Uber 485--Computer-Vision-&-Machine-Learning-Engineer_Researcher--Self-Driving---Toronto--Canada---Uber---Uber.Txt





do you specialize in computer vision or perception? uber needs you to join our team, building the most advanced automotive technologies that we can dream up. we're tackling high precision mapping, automotive safety devices, and autonomy. despite being a new division within the company, our team is made up of world-renowned researchers with decades of experience. this is your chance to develop ground breaking technology that will help change the future of transportation around the world.

design, implement, test, and maintain perception software that runs on self-driving uber
vehicles
analyze large datasets and work with raw sensor data
collaborate cross-functionally with other engineering teams at uber and communicate your work to colleagues and management
computer vision & software development
work with lidar sensor firmware and low level signal processing
perform multi-object tracking & multi-sensor fusion
sensor calibration & perception algorithms (all types and flavors)

a phd, ms, or bs in a robotics related discipline
a strong quantitative background
excellent software development skills in one or more of c, c++, or python
good presentation and communication skills

prior work in automotive applications


at the advanced technologies group (atg), we are building technologies that will transform the way the world moves. our teams in pittsburgh, san francisco, phoenix, and toronto are dedicated to mapping, software and hardware development, vehicle safety, and operations for self-driving technology. our teams are passionate about developing a self-driving system that will one day move people and things around more safely, efficiently, and cost effectively.

we are a group of diverse researchers, engineers, and computer scientists working to develop perception algorithms for self-driving vehicles. reliability and scalability are key drivers for us as our software must perform across a large fleet of vehicles in large and diverse operating areas.
