Uber 550--Sr-Manager--Global-Programs-&-Process---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt






this role is responsible for managing the programs, analysis & innovations [pai] program team and the clearinghouse process in support of the places (workplace) team. the clearinghouse is the mechanism that assesses inbound requests, processes, gains consensus, and delivers solutions. these requests can be sourced from pai internally, global leadership and external global business leads. this role will be based in san francisco and report to the sr. manager of pai and be part of our global people & places organization.
manage pai process improvement program managers, including but not limited to subject matter experts in construction and compliance best practices, facilities management and food services as well as liaising closely with leads in financial process improvement (purchasing, accounts payable, accounting).
be the ambassador of the clearinghouse by presenting to stakeholders its purpose and operating principles as well as ensuring all pai team members follow the established process.
build relationships as a trusted partner to key stakeholders.
be the subject matter expert includes delivery processes, facility operations, compliance, legal, and development of business cases.
develop and release the clearinghouse end-to-end process, including the development, testing and handover process for all programs and process improvement projects in pai.
clarify the exact requirements of requests. qualify and prioritize requests while routing the requests through the approvals process.
identify all stakeholders and resource requirements and coordinating between these parties. hold working team members accountable for information dissemination and feedback loop deadlines for critical business decisions.
manage the development of projects, defining schedules, and reviewing deliverables.
present responses to requesters and stakeholders and respond to any follow up questions upon delivery of final solution.
carry out post-mortems of requests so that continuous improvements can be made to the clearinghouse process.
reviewing with pai leads to establish success levels of solutions.

minimum 10 years operating in the corporate workplace and facilities environment.
proven experience in program/project management including managing multiple initiatives at once and keeping them all on track.
high individual accountability and ownership. confidence in making decisions but also aware when to escalate to avoid possible pitfalls.
enthusiasm for problem solving.
exceptional management and leadership skills.
excellent relationship builder. experience managing multiple stakeholders from various disciplines, with ability to hold individuals accountable to meet overall project requirements.
ability to manage challenges in a constantly changing fast-paced environment with high flexibility and adaptability.
very strong communications skills and attention to detail and accuracy.
ability to convert complex ideas into simple outputs. excellent presentation skills able to present complex subjects in a clear and concise manner.
confident presenting to senior management.


the pai team is responsible for developing the
strategic, metrics-driven tools and innovations with the global places groups and providing strategic recommendations to drive critical business plans, processes, and initiatives.
the pai team supports cross-functional initiatives for the places team and our internal business partners and stakeholders. the program management team supports process improvement via individual speciality focuses with the ability to collectively partner internally and externally on priority initiatives. workplace analytics supports ongoing reporting globally as well as variable projects and initiatives relative to portfolio data. the operations team is responsible for managing the 3rd-party vendor programs including establishing global and regional kpis, governance, and uniform reporting standards.
