Uber 229--Marketplace-Data-Analyst---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt





the marketplace team builds the platform, products, and algorithms responsible for the optimization of uber's marketplace focused on pricing, positioning and matching for all rideshare and ubereverything products. our group's systems control the dynamics of all of uber's markets, from deciding rider promotion structures to dispatching the best driver on the network in real time.
the marketplace team is looking for a high performing data analyst to make significant contributions to our mission.  all marketplace data analysts work closely with product, data scientists, engineers, and operations on fast moving, high-stake problems. a deep analytical passion to learn and ability to execute on key business priorities is a must.
each marketplace data analyst will be directly responsible for driving the marketplace roadmap forward. delivering insight on new products, finding opportunities to scale our impact, and influencing decisions with data are skills critical to all marketplace data analyst roles.



bachelor's degree in business/economics, stem (science, technology, engineering, mathematics) degrees or similar fields
minimum 2 years of experience using data to facilitate business decisions; high growth, technology, strategy consulting, business intelligence, investment banking/private equity background
proficiency with sql, and experience or familiarity with one additional scripting language.
strong background in, or comfort with, statistical concepts.
ability to facilitate experimentation and conduct experiment analysis.
steadfast focus on the details, while keeping strategic priorities top-of-mind
responsible and reliable to the people you work with - this is a team effort!
growth mindset. you seek out learning opportunities for yourself and the team.
effective communication skills. you can build the story and then tell it just as well.
project management savvy. you expect best from your peers to get joint projects done well.
sieze opportunities and willing to go beyond the task at hand.
radiate positivity and possess a “can-do” attitude.
responsiveness. you deliver timely, digestible answers to complex asks.
consistently think of ways to improve our products and the business.
