Uber 279--Sr-Recruiter---Gurgaon--India---Uber---Uber.Txt






at uber, we pride ourselves on the amazing team we've built. it is our people who drive our growth, embody our bold, disruptive brand, and craft the game changing technology we are known for. as a recruiter you'll have a direct hand in building one of the fastest growing technology companies of all time.

we're looking for a talented recruiter to work in our india team to build and scale uber across the region. you'll partner with hiring managers to build the teams across marketing and all corporate functions in the region. you'll own the hiring strategy for your teams and hustle to hire the brightest minds in the world. you'll also work on strategic projects to improve and innovate on how we attract and recruit the best talent across india, because we know that there's always a better way!
partner directly with hiring managers and the india leadership team to build and scale their teams
source and hire top talent across india for our marketing and operations functions
own the hiring strategy and work closely with hiring teams to meet your hiring goals and targets
constantly improve recruiting processes and develop innovative ideas around finding top talent
be passionate about uber and why people should work here
be an evangelist for uber
candidate obsession! manage your pipeline of candidates and identify what future opportunities they may be a fit for
minimum of 7+ years of recruitment experience
successful recruiting tenure in a fast paced environment
history of collaborating successfully with senior managers and business leaders
experience working on a variety of roles/levels
solid understanding of uber's vision, business model and operations
stellar networking skills and the ability to make smart recruiting partnerships happen
analytical approach; you understand and value backing up recruiting goals and projections with existing data (while never compromising the quality of the candidate experience)
a curious mind -  you're innovative, extremely creative and constantly looking for ways to improve how we do things
an obsession with the candidate experience - you are self aware, well-spoken on the phone and eloquent in emails. you're respectful of the candidate and how stressful a job hunt can be -- you never leave a candidate hanging
ownership - you'll have superior organizational skills, integrity and always follow through on tasks. you don't get overwhelmed easily... thousands of uber applicants each month? no prob
fun - you're a people-person who can talk to anyone; you're flexible, fearless, and excited to help build something awesome and share it with the world
motivated - you understand the impact of a highly-satisfied, excited crew; you are slightly obsessive-compulsive about grinding away at issues
a team player - you're willing to help out wherever needed


we are a robust team of strong recruiters, sourcers and coordinators working on hiring while undertaking global projects. we are spread across gurgaon, hyderabad and bangalore. the team hires across operations & marketing, corporate and technology.
