Uber 249--Marketing-Strategy-&-Ops-Manager---Apacx---Singapore--Singapore---Uber---Uber.Txt





as a marketing strategy & operations manager for apac, you will work closely with leadership to set the vision for marketing across the region. you will bring focus and fluidity to day-to-day operations and ensure the team remains aligned with regional goals. this role is a good opportunity to own strategic workflow and generate innovative, effective and measurable output, with the overarching goal of driving growth across segments and products.

help our team orchestrate the creation and communication of quarterly marketing plans
ensure clear definition and understanding of how uber will grow its base of drivers, riders and eaters while also focusing on product expansion
frame opportunity analysis, evaluate campaign roi and share results.
act as project lead for special initiatives, such as in country product launches, while collaborating cross functionally
assist in managing the overall marketing budget
communicate the marketing strategy internally
be a resource for team members to understand and uphold regional goals.


minimum of 5 years experience in strategic marketing, corporate planning or top tier consulting firms
experience in leading innovative initiatives that meet and exceed business and financial objectives
proven track record in critical thinking, analysis and problem-solving
ability to focus on the big picture and unify team members
a proven strategist with engaging verbal, written, and visual communication ability.
superior organizational skills; integrity and great follow through on tasks
ability to innovate, create and constantly look for ways to optimize process.
strong program management skills and proven experience of managing multiple time sensitive projects
experience in working cross functionally


the regional marketing strategy and operations team is responsible for setting the vision for the marketing function throughout the region.  from working with country general managers to regional directors, this team maintains a big picture view when evaluating process implementation, campaign expansion, and go to market initiatives.  by developing strategies to ensure efficiency and scalability this team is pivotal in our continuous expansion throughout the region.

