Uber 365--Regional-Community-Operations-Manager--Portugal---Lisbon--Portugal---Uber---Uber.Txt




at uber, providing amazing support that establishes trust for riders and driver partners—our community—is a core feature of our product experience. we invest in it and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the smartest, most efficient way. community operations is pioneering how uber manages rider and driver partner support around the globe. this role will have a heavy focus on people management, data analytics, and process continuous improvement, so those interested should be excited to demonstrate those skills and be eager to lead.


a good communicated and stakeholder manager, you are able to strike the right tone and are a great stakeholder manager across the business both locally as international.

data­ driven and analytical in mindset. you can look at any spreadsheet and know the right questions to ask to get to actionable outcomes, and you know how to explain data in a digestible way. you can manipulate an excel sheet like nobody's business. bonus points if you have sql, coding, or programming experience.

a lover of process and optimization.. you're excited about the opportunity to create and experiment with support processes, and are willing and able to lead others utilizing them.

incredibly empathetic and understanding of both riders and driver partners alike. you will be a powerful advocate for uber's users and are obsessed with the community experience.

cool and calm under pressure. you have superior organizational skills, integrity, and great follow-through on tasks.

naturally curious. you love learning how things work and you're always looking for ways to innovate. you enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results.


you'll be tasked with scaling support in an innovative way at a company that's growing like crazy and changing constantly. you're prepared to:

be the owner of our community support performance metrics:

dive deep into the performance numbers, perform gap analysis and take data­-driven actions to increase the quality and the reactivity of our community service.
ensure the interface with our engineering and operation teams to improve internal tools and user experience.

be the point of entry of the operational team and general managers in the region to test and scale operational initiatives (sales activities, calling campaign, …)

be in charge of leading development and improvement projects for community support at emea scale:

development of new products/solutions (phone support, chat support, ...)
strategic projects (segmented and differentiated support)


minimum 5 years of operational experience that includes ideally experience in managing.
leading by example with experience empowering a team to execute under pressure and tight deadlines
prior professional experience with optimization, processes, systematic organization, program/project management.
high emotional iq to expertly manage relationships with partners, influencers, and co-workers
data-driven decision mentality and sound business judgment through strong analytical thinking
strong planning and organizational skills; attention to detail
fluency in english and portuguese required
mba or engineering graduate degree from a top school preferred
location will belisbon, portugal or madrid, spain. for the time being, the position is opened in both cities and choice is indifferent. however, candidates are asked to be flexible as relocation in the other city may be requested by mid-2018 depending on organizational considerations to come.
