Uber 203--Engineering-Manager---Finance-Engineering--Hyderabad---Hyderabad--India---Uber---Uber.Txt

uber is a technology company that is changing the way the world thinks about transportation. we are building technology people us
e everyday
. whether it's heading home from work, getting a meal delivered from a favorite restaurant, or a way to earn extra income, uber is becoming part of the fabric of daily life.

we're making cities safer, smarter, and more connected. and we're doing it at a global scale-energizing local economies and bringing opportunity to millions of people around the world.



uber finance engineering is a high-performance culture marked by action and productivity. we're looking for a excellent technical leader who can help identify the key open challenges, create a viable road-map and lead a team of world class software engineers to execute on solutions. you should be excited about building a global transportation marketplace that spans a wide range of cities - varying from 100,000 to 10 million people in size - with unique regulatory, technical, and business requirements. as a member of the mobile engineering management team, you'll be instrumental in hiring and mentoring the engineers who work on new mobile features and experiences for our customers.


passion for the indian market. because you love what you do, you bring infectious enthusiasm to all your endeavors. you always perform at your absolute best and see new challenges as an opportunity to contribute, make an impact, and grow.
engineering excellence. you have at least 3 years of industry experience in a variety of contexts, during which you've built scalable, robust, and fault-tolerant systems. you have a solid knowledge of the whole web stack: front-end, back-end, databases, cache layer, http protocol, tcp/ip, linux, cpu architecture, etc.
bias for action. you believe that speed and quality aren't mutually exclusive. you've shown good judgement about shipping as fast as possible while still making sure that products are built in a sustainable, responsible way - and you're comfortable making mistakes, provided you learn from them.
mentorship/ guidance. you know that the most important part of your job is setting the team up for success. through mentoring, teaching, and reviewing, you help other engineers make sound architectural decisions, improve their code quality, and get out of their comfort zone.
commitment. you care tremendously about keeping the uber experience consistent for users and strive to make any issues invisible to riders. you hold yourself personally accountable, jumping in and taking ownership of problems that might not even be in your team's scope.
hiring know-how. you're a thoughtful interviewer who constantly raises the bar for excellence. you believe that what seems amazing one day becomes the norm the next day, and that each new hire should significantly improve the team.
design and business vision. you help your team understand requirements beyond the written word and you thrive in an environment where you can uncover subtle details.. even in the absence of a pm or a designer, you show great attention to the design and product aspect of anything your team ships.

#carcmobile
