Uber 468--Executive-Assistant-I---Amsterdam--Netherlands---Uber---Uber.Txt




we are looking for an executive assistant based in amsterdam that can help support two directors run their day-to-day smoothly and efficiently.

basically, your job is to enhance the team's effectiveness by providing information, management support, representing the executive to others and generally being amazing. up for the task? read on!

scheduling + calendar gatekeeping
maintain executive's appointment schedule by planning and scheduling meetings, conferences, teleconferences, and travel.
reconciling monthly expenses
booking travel
handling all logistics for central team summits, including mini summits for other under the execs including; planning, hotel blocks, dinner reservations, swag, day of needs, etc.
poc for office related questions directed toward your execs
conserve time by reading, researching, and routing correspondence, drafting letters and documents, collecting and analyzing information.
maintain customer confidence and protect operations by keeping information confidential.
complete projects as assigned through strong project management skills.
prepare reports by collecting and analyzing information.
maintain professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops, reviewing professional publications, establishing personal networks and participating in professional societies.
contribute to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.
may assists with conference room issues (on the back end).
handle logistics of guest speakers visits


ba / bs degree or equivalent work experience.
approximately 5-7 years' of senior team level support experience.
attention to detail. being right the first time matters a lot to us.
strong communication skills and ability to interact with internal and external partners.
work well in a rapidly changing environment.
extraordinary organizational skills and great follow through on tasks.
be a problem solver at heart with a genuine interest in learning by helping.
the company depends on us to deliver quickly, across time zones, in multiple languages, and from locations all over the world. we need somebody not to keep the trains running on time, but to speed them up.
attitude. we work awfully hard and we're having fun doing it. this team believes what we're doing is changing the world for the better, and we play to win.
an interest in and passion for uber.
