Uber 429--Central-Ops-Manager---Driver-Obsessions-(Experience-&-Insights)---Gurgaon--India---Uber---Uber.Txt


our mission for driver obsession:
protect driver earnings ensuring sustainability, transparency and stability of earnings at all times
establish scalable ways to discover, track and resolve all driver issues and pain-points
recognise and celebrate our drivers - add purpose and stature via driver stories, rider communications, and improved peer driver communication
be an enabler for a driver's lifestyle and aspirations
as the partner programs champion you will be responsible for delivery of
prioritized do
programs under #ubercares and experience. this will include:
synthesizing insights from all our listening posts including samaaj, support, gl
business justification, impact and cost assessment for chosen programs
partnering with cities to realise our #do vision/initiatives
leading execution of national/central initiatives
cross functional work with bd and product to prioritize high impact partnerships/product asks
driver obsession products rollout
scaling successful engagement experiments across cities
being the voice of the driver in all uber business meetings and decisions
reporting and communication for partner programs
strong ground connect - you understand what drivers want and you care
strong strategic thinking - manage both the big picture and the details. you'll be responsible for setting the high level strategy, but you'll need to be organized and manage deadlines to ensure nothing gets missed. while driving the big picture strategy forward, you'll need to understand the details enough to take control and lead a conversation with city teams.
5-7 years of operational/analytical/commercial experience gained in consulting, investment banking, marketing or operations management. mba is a plus.
high throughput-your strong bias towards action helped you earn the reputation of someone who gets things done. you love having a lot on your plate and get energy from being busy.
grit. you never hesitate to roll up your sleeves and tackle something hands-on, you persevere when others fall away.
true passion for uber's mission and the company's hybrid technology / operations nature.
experience creating and optimizing processes.
a never-ending desire to grow and learn.
product development- you know what makes a product experience not just good, but amazing. you're able to lead cross functional teams to create partner integrations that delight users and drive measurable impact.
