Uber 135--Manager--Internal-Audit---Hyderabad--India---Uber---Uber.Txt




uber internal audit is looking to hire a it internal audit manager to join our growing team! we're looking for a candidate with extensive it systems processes related to financial applications and it internal controls experience who is excited to help build out the internal controls program at uber.  the ideal candidate will have a proven track record of managing and building an internal controls program and partnering with stakeholders to develop efficient and well-controlled processes across the enterprise. this role is based in hyderabad, india and reports to the senior manager, it internal audit in san francisco, california usa.


assist in the development of a global internal controls program.
participate in it finance engineering risk assessment activities
conduct information technology (it) audit reviews of service oriented systems
perform the planning, fieldwork, reporting, and follow-up phases of it audits with limited supervision.
assist engineering teams on optimizing business processes by evaluating the application controls of systems that support the business process under review, and developing computer assisted audit techniques (caats) to test controls.
execute ad hoc projects, such as due diligence reviews, readiness assessments, etc.
prepare findings and recommendations and support communication to the executive team.  also, actively monitor audit related remediation and management action plans.
influence and champion operational efficiency and a well controlled control environment.
research and stay current on new technical literature applicable to the internal control process (e.g., pcaob guidance, sec, etc.), emerging trends and best practices.


bachelor's degree in accounting or finance preferred with technical it experience preferred.
certification in 1 or more of the following: ca, cpa, cisa, or cia.
ability and willingness to travel (up to 25 percent).
intensely curious person who wants to know the what, where, when, how, and most importantly why our processes work the way they do.
risk-minded person who can see what could go wrong in a process and work with stakeholders to tie the risk to an activity or to call out a gap.
able to translate what you learn to stakeholders and partner with them to advise them as they implement process changes.
able to communicate very well in verbal and written form.  this applies to interacting with stakeholders, the ia team, and in your written communications (especially when it comes to crafting messages and relaying findings and recommendations).
can easily adapt between working independently or collaboratively on a team, with various stakeholders and outsourced audit teams, and on unstructured projects
highly organized and able to manage time, tasks, deliverables and maintain a strong attention to detail in a fast-paced environment.
demonstrate significant knowledge of information technology general controls and automated business process controls and concepts in a homegrown service-oriented it environment and oracle erp system.


at least 5+ years audit experience.
experience with sox readiness reviews or implementation of internal controls
knowledge of business and it processes and how they intersect with financial transactions.
ability to analyze complex processes to identify potential financial, operational, systems and compliance risks.
must be able to complete assignments on a timely basis within budget and deadline.
working technical knowledge of us gaap, sec reporting requirements, coso, sox requirements, including pcaob auditing standard no. 5, iia standards and audit processes and procedures.
public accounting and/or start-up experience, a plus.
