Uber 333--Senior-Database-Administrator---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt




you are passionate about using technology to solve big business problems. you are hungry to make a difference. you have created software that can scale and handle complex interchange of data and compute between multiple geographical locations. you like creating software that is robust to various kinds of network, system and state failures, without compromising the data and business applications that use it. you love tuning your software and porting existing software to different architectures. you have also worked with open source build/release/test toolchains and are familiar with multiple languages. you like to optimize your software to run with extremely light footprint, on high-demand systems, without compromising the core functionality of the systems.

work with the dba team to provide 24x7 coverage for financial systems availability, monitoring, issue resolution and recovery
work closely with fintech engineers for code migrations, implementing new systems, services, and install any components of the oracle application tech-stack
monitor all production systems, respond to alerts that need immediate attention associated with security threats, storage, system overloads, etc . identify and fix the root causes of the failures.
back-up, recovery, test/dev instance refresh as requested,
incrementally document all standard operating procedures
respond to queries related to financial systems from internal audits, network, safety & security teams
installation, patching and upgrading of financial systems
where necessary, build automations around monitoring, migrations, auto-scaling and self-healing to ensure systems operate at high-level of availability with very little maintenance

minimum 10 years' experience as an oracle e-business suite application dba including:
minimum 5+ years with oracle r12.1.3
r12 ebs application installation, patching and upgrading
experience with exadata (administration, patching, tuning)
experience with oracle ebs financial modules and helping troubleshoot forms errors, concurrent manager errors.
experience working in multinode architecture environment with a load balancer.
experience in linux environments.  should have basic linux administration skills.
working knowledge of oracle rac and asm
application cloning using rapid clone
application backup and recovery experience
oracle backup and recovery using rman
working knowledge of application patching, maintenance and diagnostic utilities
application and database auditing
working knowledge in linux shell scripting
excellent written & verbal communication skills
experience writing documentation
working knowledge of oracle customer support, product support, certification and product end of life policies.
experience in administering very large (30tb) oracle data warehouse database on exadata.
strong commitment to both linux, database and application security
oracle sql query tuning
bonus points if you have:

demonstrated ability to work in a team environment including the ability to work collaboratively with business users, it staff and various levels of management; including experience working in an onshore/offshore model with different time zones
attention to detail and strong personal organizational skills and able to work in fast, paced, high volume environment. proven history of successful problem solving with strong sense of ownership
excellent verbal and written communication skill
experience with oracle enterprise manager grid control (12c)
working knowledge of oracle performance tuning and diagnostic utilities
application load balancing using hw load balancer (f5 big ip)
mysql administration
tomcat installation, administration and tuning
ocfs2
basic understanding of java
oracle hyperion epm
basic functional knowledge of oracle ebs 12.1.3 for troubleshooting purposes


fintech touches all of these growing options and complexities. the scale is global, massive, and growing.

uber platform, frameworks, and api's – be able to handle all the new products and variations. minimize development time for innovation.

data is our north star - use it for insights, planning, product innovation.
find parts of p&l (profits and loss reporting) meaningful for the business.

real-time p&l; frictionless payments in over 600 cities; provide predictive tools for city general managers;

scratch-building systems where solutions do not exist for our scale or global complexity
trips and payments store
tax calculator (others cannot globally scale)
invoice engine - #10m invoices weekly for riders, partners, restaurants
receipts
revenue accounting products
real-time p&l
