Uber 152--Product-Marketing-Manager---Vehicle-Solutions---Karnataka--India---Uber---Uber.Txt





as a product marketing manager on the vehicle solutions team, you will be responsible for driving business success by working closely with product, ops, ux/design, engineering and growth marketing teams to drive top-of-funnel growth and conversion. in this role you will be responsible for the growth of uber's marketplace, which provides vehicle access to those who need it, across a number of different programs. this role requires a combination of product understanding, creative/brand thinking, communication skills as well as consumer marketing experience.
about the team: vehicle solutions

the vehicle solutions team in bangalore is responsible for two business line verticals - rentals and financiers which ensure supply side growth by bringing vehicles into the uber marketplace. additionally this team will also be involved in building vehicle owner tools. as part of this - the team has developed a platform to ingest, store and analyze telematics data (from 3rd party gps devices, obd2 devices and vehicle sensors) in real-time to help prevent vehicle theft, track vehicle mileage utilization, prevent multi-apping, promote standard maintenance compliance, identify unsafe driving behavior to reduce insurance costs, reduce reassignment turn time etc. the team has also built a comprehensive maintenance platform to help manage and optimize vehicle depreciation and operational costs (and thereby achieve neutral to positive net margin while offering attractive lease / rental prices to drivers).


own audience insights - do deep-dives into understanding prospective and existing drivers who are most likely to need a vehicle and build data-based, actionable insights for programs in each country. drive research plans to steer and validate the product roadmap.

craft the narrative - craft the vehicle solutions messaging and positioning to be used across each stage of the funnel, test, and optimize across target audiences, understanding that these messages may vary widely from country to country.

funnel conversion campaigns - create and execute on campaigns that show impact in adoption and engagement.

cross-functional teamwork - work with ops teams around the world, as well as product management, engineering, and paid and local marketing teams.

product promotion - highlighting the benefits of third-party fleet partnerships, auto-financing, and rental programs at a global scale.

qualifications and requirements

minimum 4-6+ years experience delivering highly successful demand generation and user acquisition strategies with your fingerprints all over them - you're extremely proud of what you've accomplished.

finger-tippinesses with data: you just go get the data you need with no muss/fuss and can whip it into an insightful story with no help. you know how to leverage data to make decisions and drive growth.

good at articulating the essence of products and the value they create. you can develop a strong messaging hierarchy and effective content strategy plan. you can also play copywriter.

master storyteller: you can craft a compelling narrative across different channels - you know how to match the message to the medium.

top-notch at market research: you're a truth-seeking missile. you know your market, customers and competition better than anyone, and you're strong at integrating this information into your growth strategies.

an “owner” personality: you're biased toward action, a great collaborator and master disambiguator/simplifier. you never stop pushing towards clarity and delivery.

grittiness: you never hesitate to roll up your sleeves and tackle something hands-on, you persevere when others fall away.

true passion for uber's mission and the company's hybrid technology / operations nature.
