Uber 243--Crm-Marketing-Manager---Vietnam---District-3--Vietnam---Uber---Uber.Txt



as a customer relationship marketing manager, you will develop and project manage the roll out of multi-channel contact strategies for uber customer segments to optimize spend and maximize customer life stage migration. with the use of data to design the strategy for programs in vietnam, you will get the opportunity to work closely with our in country operations teams as well as other regional support functions.

lead a cross functional team to develop lifecycle marketing strategies that engage users in vietnam
utilise our market research & insights team to understand consumer behavior & identify insights to guide campaigns
work closely with the experimentation team on measurement frameworks, test design, planning, and analysis.
work with deployment, content and creative teams to design and launch complex automated campaigns
work closely with our policy, communications, product, and business development teams to ensure communications are on-brand and impactful.


minimum of 5 years experience
excellent project management and communication skills.
experience with a/b testing, messaging, and post-campaign analysis.
ability to balance a rigorous attention to detail with swift execution.
a bachelor's degree or equivalent experience
a self-starting attitude-ready to embrace opportunities to make an impact without needing to be told.

hands-on experience with an email or crm platform
mba is a plus


as part of the larger regional marketing team, our in country marketing team is responsible for the definition and implementation of automated tools and processes to deliver driver, rider and eater communication throughout their lifecycle. through experimentation and collaboration our vietnam team pilots new mechanisms, produces campaigns, oversees cross-channel execution, tracks performance, creates data flows for campaign automation and provides input on global technology plans to ensure support of vietnam's needs.

