Uber 662--Senior-Technical-Revenue-Accountant---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt





passionate about high-growth companies and have very strong accounting skills?  are you a proven team player, strategic thinker and executor? then let's talk.

we are looking to hire a senior technical accountant who will work with the revenue team to analyze, research, and conclude upon the accounting treatment for revenue related transactions. this challenging role requires an individual who thrives in a fast paced environment who has the willingness to roll up their sleeves and get it done.

analyze and research revenue accounting matters; provide accurate and comprehensive documentation of issues identified and resolutions proposed. work closely with the revenue manager and controller to develop and document accounting conclusions and associated accounting policy
develop technical analyses for the revenue operations team; reevaluate key assumptions on an as needed basis. support the group in developing new financial schedules and management reporting
assist in defining global revenue processes; work cross functionally with finance and accounting, legal, engineering and various business owners on a variety of projects
analyze and support new business initiatives; determine associated accounting treatment, and communicate financial statement impact to senior management
participate in and help lead critical accounting projects including audit readiness and management reporting
draft and maintain global accounting policies and memos
review sales arrangements to ensure proper recognition in accordance with relevant accounting guidance
mentor, teach and review the work of other supporting members of the accounting team
support external audit requirements related to specific areas of responsibility

extensive knowledge of revenue recognition under us gaap required
experience with asc 606 implementation a plus
experience in performing technical revenue research. experience researching gross vs. net, sales incentives, gift cards, credit card programs, and multiple element arrangements preferred
experience working in a big data environment, with excel models or schedules preferred
excellent time and self-management skills, ability to prioritize and multitask required
proven ability to succeed in a fast paced and constantly changing environment a plus
bachelor's degree in accounting or finance
a minimum of 4-5 years professional experience required, preferably within the technology industry.
public accounting background at a big 4 firm required.
experience auditing, implementing or operating in a sox effective environment required
cpa preferred
we build scalable & controlled processes and help implement accounting systems and automation for our global accounting function.
