Uber 431--Community-Operations-Manager---Lahore---Lahore--Pakistan---Uber---Uber.Txt




at uber, providing amazing support that establishes trust for riders and driver partners-our community-is a core feature of our product experience. we invest in it and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the most compelling, most efficient way. we're looking for a community operations manager to develop and lead support efforts for our new support operations center. community operations is pioneering how uber manages rider and driver partner support around the globe. this will be a managerial role with a heavy focus on people management, data analytics, and continuous process improvement, so those interested should be excited to demonstrate those skills and be eager to lead.

be tasked with scaling support in an innovative way at a company that's growing rapidly and changing constantly.
be a passionate advocate for all riders and driver partners and answer any questions that come your way in an exciting, fast moving environment.
listen attentively to the voice of uber's community and provide feedback to the rest of the company.
be the owner of our community support performance metrics:
dive deep into the performance numbers, perform gap analysis and take data--driven actions to increase the quality and the reactivity of our community service.
ensure the interface with our engineering and operation teams is enabled to improve internal tools and user experience.
be in charge of leading development and improvement projects for community support at regional scale:
development of new products/solutions
leading operational excellence projects

work experience of at least 5 years in a high energy environment (e.g. consulting, investment banking, corporate finance) or customer-centric industry (e.g. tech, telecom, etc.)
a love of process and optimization. you will be revolutionizing support for the uber community. you're excited about the opportunity to create and experiment with support processes, and are willing and able to lead others utilizing them.
a data- driven and analytical mindset. you can look at any spreadsheet and know the right questions to ask to get to actionable outcomes, and you know how to explain data in a digestible way. you have excellent excel skills. bonus points if you have sql, coding, or programming experience.
incredible empathy and understanding of both riders and driver partners alike. you will be an excellent advocate for uber's users and are passionate about the community experience.
calm under pressure. you have excellent organizational skills, integrity, and great follow-through on tasks.
natural curiosity. you love learning how things work and you're always looking for innovative solutions. you enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results.
word savviness. you're eloquent and able to strike the perfect tone, whether you're explaining a new policy to riders or drivers, explaining the importance of certain complicated metrics, or responding to support issues over email.
a bachelor's degree in business, economics, finance or any science- related field.
prior professional experience with optimization, processes, systematic organization, program/project management.
demonstrated data/analytics experience; excel and ideally sql proficiency.
exceptional writing and verbal communication skills.
ability to work and communicate cross-functionally.
consultancy or investment banking background or experience in service -industry, manufacturing or distribution in a high -volume environment is preferred but not required.
