Uber 257--Content-Strategist-And-Copywriter--Uber-Eats---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt



on the uber eats team, we're on a mission to make eating well effortless for everyone, everywhere. as a content strategist and copywriter on uber eats, you'll focus on solutions for consumers, drivers, and restaurants, and you'll generate new ideas that transform how people eat. but you won't be at it alone. you'll collaborate with engineers, product managers, designers, researchers, and some of the world's best copywriters and content strategists in a fast-paced, rapidly growing environment—to make magical experiences for people around the world.

uber is a technology company that's changing the way the world thinks about transportation. whether it's heading home from work, getting a meal delivered from a favorite restaurant, or a way to earn extra income, uber is reimagining the way people and things move by crafting useful, innovative, and beautiful technology that people use every day.


we're hiring at all levels to help us build out our premier product design team. uber has already made more than 310 cities around the world better places to live and work by providing unparalleled transportation choices and greater economic opportunity, but this is just the beginning. we're looking for superb copywriting and content strategists to craft the in-app messaging that help will help our products and brand reach the next level.
the details matter to you
you know every word is important, and that great copy demands great care. you are just as committed to crafting impressive error messages and navigation labels as you are to brainstorming new features and big creative concepts. you understand the nuances of tone, voice, syntax, systematic thinking, and structure, and you polish every line until it shines.
your writing means business
you create communications to inform and improve user experiences, but more importantly to elicit specific actions that achieve business goals. your approach is rooted in bottom-line thinking, using analytics to guide creative decisions and support arguments. you can use research and data to help bolster your creative decisions.
you iterate quickly and respect deadlines
when it's time to get locked in, you know how to move quickly while still being meticulous and conscientious in your work. you work through multiple rounds efficiently. and you think all the way through the experience, developing a solid foundation, tinkering, collecting feedback, and refining. you are committed to keeping projects on track while keeping messaging on target.
you dig deep and go broad
exploration is inherent in your process. you devour research to become a subject matter expert, then you come up with a range of concepts for every initiative. you think through all the strengths and weaknesses of a communication strategy, and have thoughtful answers to every question. if you're presenting five options for a messaging strategy, headline, or microinteraction, you write fifty.
you're equal parts content strategist and copywriter
clever phrases and creative concepts aren't all you care about. you're passionate about developing sound strategies, determining messaging hierarchies, and developing user experiences that communicate exactly the right notion to the right person at the right time.
you present your work with confidence
selling your ideas is one of your most impressive skills. you defend what you think is right for the business goals and audience needs, relying on logic and evidence rather than opinion or emotion. with a collaborative spirit that puts the good of the team ahead of your own ego, you listen closely to other viewpoints and consider all feedback. and you use your point of view and the opinions of others to develop narratives that convince people of why you believe in your decisions.
you're skilled in product and ux/ui content
the way you've wielded language for product experiences has made them more intuitive, useful, and delightful. you've created great user-focused nomenclature for navigation systems, clear headings and ctas that simplify task flows, and memorable microcopy that gets tweeted about. you've weathered release cycles and can share several shining examples of real work you've shipped, describing what you learned along the way.
you know the medium matters
when you write content, you think about how it will be consumed. you understand how desktop vs. mobile, print vs. digital, and push vs. pull affects the way people read and retain information. you're skilled at telling the same story across multiple channels in a way that's integrated, yet optimized for every touchpoint.
