Uber 37--General-Manager---Uber-Eats---Atlanta--Ga---Uber---Uber.Txt




the ubereats general manager is a unique opportunity to own a new vertical of the uber logistics business; it requires a high a degree of skills, guts and leadership. as the leader of ubereats, the gm is responsible for the development and growth of a new business, and requires someone who's not afraid of being in the weeds and fine tuning even the most specific of details. you are developing and rolling out the food delivery ecosystem for uber. we're looking for someone who has that mix of operational abilities to get stuff done, the grit and motivation that's needed to negotiate and bring out the best from our restaurant vendors, the innovation and creative thinking that's needed to develop outside the box solutions, and the emotional intelligence needed to oversee a complex logistical operation and inspire teams of people.




work with ubereats team, product team, and with engineering to communicate product and process needs to deliver ubereats in your market
initiate creative local marketing strategies and user growth campaigns targeted both to the consumer and to the restaurant partners
become the subject matter expert in food logistics and any and all conditions related to food delivery and quality
be on site at different restaurants overseeing the handling and transport, helping restaurants optimize their supply chain and connecting their business with uber's
run experiments, everything from temperature control to fleet management
manage local regulatory issues and local politics within the food delivery ecosystem
continue to grow revenues and users
help scale to our other cities through developing and sharing best practices
at least 8 years of marketing or operations management experience
data-driven decision mentality and sound business judgment through excellent analytical thinking
creative solutions driven mindset, with a *get stuff done* attitude
relevant experience in consumer service marketing is helpful
stellar networking skills and the ability to make smart partnerships happen
experience managing a team
self-starter mindset and determination

we need an excellent executor/operator. this is the ideal role for someone who has experience building out processes, who's passionate about tinkering and iterating, all the while never forgetting to build out the playbook. as the general manager, you'll also be responsible for operational excellence and maintaining 'uber' quality throughout the customer's experience and this includes everything from the time of request to the actual quality of the meals. local marketing, supply chain management, service quality management, social media, pr - all of these sit under the gm's umbrella of responsibilities. continual improvement and a quality focus are the name of the game. we believe in building these food and delivery with local solutions, so understanding your market and delivering custom messages and building local partnerships is important. this is where creativity meets analytics.

we believe that people are one of the most important assets to uber and because of that we foster an environment that is welcoming to diverse perspectives.
