Uber 235--Business-Analyst--Ubereats:-Fraud--Compliance-&-Arrears-Management---Gurgaon--India---Uber---Uber.Txt





are you passionate about high-growth companies and have strong data analysis and sql skills? are you an energetic team player that is comfortable wearing many hats? do you have a passion for unearthing and rethinking processes through rigorous quantitative analysis? data drives the core of uber's operations, and we have a challenge for you.

we are looking for a business analyst on fraud, compliance and arrears management on the ubereats team to streamline risk and arrears management operations across india.

you develop deep knowledge in creating and driving projects / processes from start to end and should be able to wear multiple hats. you will need to be able to identify an issue, back your hypothesis with data, experiment in a few cities and then scale highly optimized processes while also taking into account the cultural and operational differences across india.

you will be responsible for driving analysis, developing tracking / dashboards and building processes to ensure seamless operations across india while working closely with our ops, product, engineering and legal teams. you will also be responsible for streamlining and managing fraud & compliance processes across the region, supporting city teams with their investigations, analyses, experiments and processes.

the role involves working closely with city ops, product, legal, tax, hq/regional ops, and commops teams to improve and roll out regional initiatives.


compliance strategy. build and execute the process to ensure internal ops processes comply with legal and regulatory expectations. proactively develop new kpis/metrics to identify trends in all the cities ubereats operates in across india
analytics. analysis of risk and fraud patterns to mitigate fraud loss. build the long-term models to calibrate accuracy as the eats business evolves
collaboration. work cross functionally and with our regional operations team. be responsible for city and regional kpis and develop the risk and arrears management gold standards to apply to other cities around the world
execution. we need you to be hands-on and hustle on daily operations. write queries and perform ad hoc data analysis to keep the nerve center of our operations engine running at full speed. create, improve, and automate reporting methods


2+ years of work experience developing a best-in-class understanding of databases, data relationships and data integrity
bs/masters in engineering, maths, physics, cs, statistics, economics or another quantitative field
expert sql experience required
development experience in at least one scripting language a plus (python preferred)
self-starter attitude and ability to exercise judgment and solve difficult problems without direct supervision
excellent prioritization skills and ability to juggle many responsibilities at once, adept at weighing importance of quick wins vs. long-term progress
demonstrated experience interpreting and presenting data to various audiences; ability to translate quantitative findings into actionable plans
a preference for quality over quantity - you get the math right and aspire to build the right solution; you appreciate being part of a team that holds each other to a high bar

bottom line:

you have to be ready to hustle! you must be ready and excited to learn on your feet, bring a fresh perspective to the team, and help build a growing business

