Uber 367--Developer-Tools--Self-Driving---Pittsburgh--Pa---Uber---Uber.Txt





as an engineer on the developer tools and infrastucture team you will help bring new technologies from prototype to production. you will be r
esponsible for isolating, documenting, and tracking issues systematically.
we're looking for software engineers who thrive on learning new technologies and don't believe in one-size-fits-all solutions
developing coding standards and standard methodologies
automated unit or stress testing
prior v&v experience
sw/hw release management pipelines
experienced in refining and executing test plans for complex cyber-physical systems
analysis of test results and automated reporting systems
knowledgeable of modern automotive electronics and diagnostic procedures
prior experience programming in c/c++/python
proficient in communicating with vehicle technicians, software engineers, and executives
php proficiency or familiarity with phabricator internals is a huge advantage

you should be able to adapt easily to meet the needs of our massive growth and rapidly evolving business environment.
you think a working proof-of-concept is the best way to make a point. you flourish with the belief that quality doesn't have to be compromised to achieve speed - you can have both at the same time.
in addition to having an intimate knowledge of core engineering fields, you understand how all the pieces fit together into integrated systems, and how they impact performance.
you feel ownership over everything you ship; you'd never call code "released" until you're sure it's correct. you pride yourself on efficient monitoring, excellent documentation, and proper test coverage.
you believe that you can achieve more on a team - that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. you rely on others' candid feedback for continuous improvement.
whether you're working on an api used by other developers, an internal tool consumed by our operation teams, or a feature used by millions of customers, your attention to details leads to a delightful user experience.


at the advanced technologies group (atg), we are building technologies that will transform the way the world moves. our teams in pittsburgh, san francisco, phoenix, and toronto are dedicated to mapping, software and hardware development, vehicle safety, and operations for self-driving technology. our teams are passionate about developing a self-driving system that will one day move people and things around more safely, efficiently, and cost effectively.
