Uber 124--Head-Of-Public-Policy-&-Government-Affairs--France-&-Southern-Europe---Paris--France---Uber---Uber.Txt

about public policy at uber
the reforms needed are relatively simple: the right for one citizen to drive another citizen across town so long as certain important consumer protections requirements are met.  the idea is not all that radical.  but in many cities outdated regulations are holding back progress
—and in places where reform has been possible, entrenched interests often try to turn the clock back
.


our public policy team is responsible for working with policy makers and third parties to make the positive case for change.  that's partly about building lasting relationships in the cities where we operate with politicians and their staff so they understand the benefits of this new model.  it also about figuring out the best local regulatory framework and then developing campaigns to push reform through.

we are looking for someone to lead our government affairs & policy in france & southern europe, based in paris.  you will report directly to our head of public policy emea. this role will involve:
building an effective, credible government affairs team across the region;
establishing uber's brand and profile with policy makers
—including governments, third parties and academics
; and
working to ensure that the regulatory framework in every country supports ridesharing apps like uber.

to succeed you'll need to be:
a self starter
:  uber is a company of entrepreneurs and we want to work with people who enjoy building things from the bottom up.  stuff changes fast in our world so you'll need to be highly adaptable as well as calm under pressure.
a great advocate
:
we're looking to create new regulatory frameworks that encourage innovation and alternatives to individual car ownership.  you'll need the intellectual fire power to grasp complex policy issues as well as the ability to articulate clearly and simply how apps like uber can help improve transportation for everyone
—both orally and in writing
.
a strong campaigner
:  smartphone apps are disruptive, and the interests being disrupted are deeply entrenched.  so you'll need to put together proactive campaigns involving passengers, drivers and third parties that demonstrate there's a better alternative to today's outdated status quo.  that means having a bias for action in everything you do—and a willingness to engage in debates, that can often become heated.
a team player:
success at uber depends on the ability to organize different teams (internally and externally) around shared goals.  it's why we're looking for well organized people who enjoy working with others to get stuff done—and who can deal with the ambiguity that sometimes comes from working cross-functionally.
ideally you would have a proven track record in government affairs, including leading a disparate team across multiple countries
—
either for a company, a third party or in government.  but we're open to people who've been leaders in other walks of life (e.g. the law, media, consultancy) intuitively get this stuff and may be looking for a career change.  fluency in french and english, both oral and written, is essential.
