Uber 439--Account-Specialist-(Eats)--Los-Angeles---Santa-Monica--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt

uber is a technology company that is changing the way the world thinks about transportation. we are building technology people use everyday. whether it's heading home from work, getting a meal delivered from a favorite restaurant, or a way to earn extra income, uber is becoming part of the fabric of daily life. we're making cities safer, smarter, and more connected. and we're doing it at a global scale-energizing local economies and bringing opportunity to millions of people around the world. uber's positive impact is tangible in the communities we operate in, and that drives us to keep moving forward.

summary
we are seeking account specialists to guide interested people through the process of becoming a driver-partner with uber! this is a great opportunity to work with a top-notch team on the daily functions that are at the core of uber, and gain invaluable experience on the ground floor of a fast-growing, revolutionary organization. this job is full-time (40 hours per week), and some weeknights/weekends may be required.

general responsibilities
onboarding driver-partners onto our system by reviewing, maintaining and organizing driver-partner documentation
utilize online and offline sources to stay on top of uber processes and tools
working collaboratively with peers and other departments to
streamline processes
build loyalty among new users
be a passionate advocate for riders and driver-partners

you have solid writing and communication skills
ability to work with sensitive information
you can
troubleshoot and solve problems creatively and efficiently
detail oriented and organized
able to flourish in a high growth tech environment where change is constant
customer oriented: y
ou have a passion for helping and empowering others
technology enthusiast:
mac literate and comfortable using new technologies (apps, devices, programs)
uber evangelist: you believe in the product and getting others excited to sign-up!

