Uber 603--Research-Engineer---Maps-Research-(Palo-Alto)---Palo-Alto--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt




do you live on the edge between research and engineering, especially in areas like machine learning and computer vision? do you like not just inventing new algorithms, but seeing them all the way into devices that move through the real world?

uber is looking for adaptable computer vision/machine learning experts who are not afraid to get their hands dirty with real world issues to work on impactful problems.

we're looking for people who have the following characteristics:

fast learner. we're looking for team members who thrive on applying their knowledge, learning new technologies and don't believe in one-size-fits-all solutions. you should be able to adapt easily to meet the fast pace of a rapidly evolving research, development, and testing environment.
fearlessness. you think a working proof-of-concept is the best way to make a point. you strive on proving that speed and quality are not conflicting; that you can achieve both at the same time.
versatility. in addition to having an intimate knowledge of core engineering fields, you understand how all the pieces fit together into integrated systems, and how they impact performance.
passion. you feel ownership over everything you ship; you'd never call code or design "released" until you're confident it's correct. you pride yourself on efficient monitoring, strong documentation, and proper test coverage.
a team player. you believe that you can achieve more on a team — that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. you rely on others' candid feedback for continuous improvement.

as part of uber's larger sensing effort, we are building new capabilities that will allow us extract valuable bits of information from imagery and sensors in order to optimize and augment maps in real time.
this will have a direct impact on both riders and drivers by helping them connect faster and get to their destinations more efficiently and safely.  we are looking for a seasoned engineer/scientist who has a good balance of theoretical knowledge and programming expertise.   you will be rubbing shoulders with world class scientists and engineers, looking to revolutionize transportation.  you will get a chance to use your skills to solve some of the toughest problems in the geo-spatial domain using state-of-the-art compute infrastructure and tools.

requirements:
masters, with a phd preferred.
expertise with computer vision and/or machine learning, especially deep learning.
interest in applying machine learning & computer vision to resource constrained devices (such as mobile phones)
interest in android development (with experience preferred)
ability to whiteboard some theory while at the same time rolling up your sleeves and get coding.
understand research papers and be able to translate the ideas into efficient code quickly.
data oriented - i.e. be able to set up experiments to measure things that will in turn drive decisions.
above all, we're looking for someone who can make fast progress on difficult problems involving the use of vast amounts of sensor data to optimize maps.
you will have the rare opportunity to change the world such that everyone around you is using the product you built. we're not just another social web app, we're moving real people and assets and reinventing transportation and logistics globally.
be sure to check out the
uber engineering blog
to learn more about the team.
#ubermapping
