Uber 321--Regional-Finance-Associate--Apacx---Singapore--Singapore---Uber---Uber.Txt





forecasting a hyper-growth business is hard.  forecasting for one of the fastest growing startups ever, expanding globally across more than 600 markets, while driving optimization for evolving business models - that's a challenge for the bold and it doesn't come around often.  doing all this alongside a team that is as driven, creative, hands-on, smart, passionate and fun-loving as you are - now we're really talking.

business partnering - work closely with company leaders to develop financial forecasts and operational goals, apply business judgment and financial insights to assist with decision making
city p&l planning - you will be the primary point of contact for all things finance for all cities in our region (including forecasting, goal setting and modeling support)
sophisticated financial modeling - build models from scratch, improve existing models, break complex models down into components that consolidate - you can do it all
analyze variances between actuals, forecast, and plan - use insights to iterate on forecasts and create action
think strategically and then execute - the models we build aid in decision making and strategy - we operationalize our insights
help us scale / transition from startup to enterprise.  part of this is maturing our planning processes, part is ensuring finance best practices spread through the organization
work closely with accounting to provide input on management reporting needs and better understand our actuals
special projects and deal support - new initiatives always come up, as strengths emerge you will have the chance to contribute beyond traditional fp&a
innovate - we will push the boundaries beyond traditional forecasting.  be creative, adaptive, and eager to learn new technical skillsets
bs/ba in finance, accounting, economics, or similar
2-4 years in banking / accounting / corporate finance / operational fp&a
elite excel skills - no other way to say it, you're an expert with excel.  best practices are second-nature, your models are efficient, scalable, and intuitive - you can handle complexity but strive for simplicity
ability to work with and analyze large amounts of data to draw business insights
hustle - hustle and passion are the lifeblood of uber.  we move fast and deliver results because of our hustle and passion
excellent communication and people skills - numbers are key, but a business is built with people.  relationship building and adept communication are assets in our fast-moving environment
team player - this is a highly collaborative and supportive team environment
self-starter - we don't have time or desire to micro-manage.  you will take initiative, be proactive, set and drive toward goals
strong working knowledge of financial statement analysis
attention to detail - balanced with swift execution.  we need to do things quickly and we need to do them well.  balancing those can be challenging and this should be a strength of yours
systems - working knowledge of enterprise-level financial planning systems
sql skills - the ability to self-serve, investigate and get the data we require will make you much more effective in this role

as our company continues to expand, the strategic finance team is doing the same. we are building a finance team of leaders and athletes to tackle the challenges of efficiently scaling our dynamic, global business.  we want you to bring considerable skill and experience to this role, but also humility and a team-player attitude, recognizing there's always more to learn and it's more fun doing it as part of a team.
