Uber 663--Brand-Experience---Marketing-Intern---Paris--France---Uber---Uber.Txt





as marketing intern in the brand experience team, you'll help lead the creation evergreen content and create unique experience that will drive brand strength, fuel business growth and strengthen our connection with riders and drivers.
this internship role calls for a combination of writing skills, creativity and customer marketing and communication. the person in this internship role is comfortable in an "all hands on deck" environment, loves solving problems and is able to thrive in a startup culture.
storytelling - create compelling and inspiring stories for our audience in a way that helps strengthen our brand and fuels business growth.
content strategy - help develop editorial strategy, including messaging hierarchies and thinking about user experience in that context. just how do we get the right message to the right person at the right time, with the right tone? this includes channel strategy, audience development
content production - support editorial workflow across touchpoints (email, social media, online and offline marketing).
seo - define and optimize seo strategy at the country level by working closely with a regional seo team on optimization projects, including content generation.
product management - develop product marketing strategies based on deep insights to clearly define product positioning, product awareness and adoption
first experience in marketing (or agency) in roles that include combinations of the following: brand management, copywriting , production management (offline and online campaign, video production, etc.)
creativity: you're excited to think outside of the box and have an eye for detail
audacity: you're not afraid of positive risk taking and big bold bets
analytical thinking: you are a strategic thinker who is interested in data-driven decision making and are curious about how to use analytics to guide marketing and creative campaign thinking, implementation and support.
hustle. passion for the mission of our business and the impact it has on the cities we serve. you are a team player with no task too big or too small.

