Uber 509--Senior-Devops_Software-Engineer---Boulder--Co---Uber---Uber.Txt


uber:

for the women and men who drive with uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. for cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.

this role involves a wide variety of technologies across large number of disciplines. you will be expected to jump in and develop strong solutions at scale. we do not have responsibilities set in stone, and are always looking for talented individuals to push us forward. we value the input of all our teammates, and it is important that you can contribute right away both with ideas and hands on engineering. you will have an opportunity to make an immediate impact that improves the quality of our infrastructure.
design, build & support systems to detect, alert and remediate or escalate on dc hardware and perf events
troubleshoot systems issues to quickly resolve and remediate issues. linux, code issues, puppet, hardware, platform automation
design and build systems to provide improved insight into the operation of the datacenter: perf/event data reporting, visualization, capacity planning, dc infra, & config management tools

coding skills.
you don't need to be a c++ wizard, but you should at least have a strong background in one or more high level scripting language. (ruby/python/bash)
operating systems.
you should have strong experience in the linux environment and a solid understanding of its fundamentals, such as dhcp, pxe, dns, various imaging solutions, packaging, kernel tuning, troubleshooting, etc.
configuration management.
you should have real world experience with something like puppet, chef, and/or ansible.
team player.
we have internal customers whom we want to serve to the best of our ability. you should have customer service skills and be able to develop solutions that span multiple teams.
networking.
good working knowledge of tcp/ip is crucial.
hardware.
understanding of enterprise hardware standards, trends, and best practices. managing the specing out and order of new hardware.
web and proxy management.
nginx, apache, caching knowledge and experience is a big plus.
you're a puppet expert
you have large scale datacenter monitoring tool building experience

uber is looking for top-notch engineers to automate and build compute infrastructure at scale. we are a team of generalists with strong backgrounds and varying expertise across all parts of the stack at scale.
we actively challenge existing hardware trends and are always seeking the best solution to a problem. not only are we solving our own problems, but because of our scale, we are solving problems that other companies have not yet had. this means we work closely with vendors and help shape their roadmaps to solve these problems.
