Uber 131--People-Operations-Generalist--Indonesia---Jakarta--Indonesia---Uber---Uber.Txt





uber is a company that has built our amazing products with motivated, talented people. our people team is looking for a
people operations generalist in jakarta to support
our employee population in indonesia - someone who is passion
ate about finding ways to best support our growing uber family. the people operations generalist  is
primarily responsible for managing employee relations and implementing hr processes and programs within their region or function.
plan and execute weekly new hire orientation including managing logistics with it, badging etc.
complete weekly new hire benefits enrollment.
own and maintain org structure in workday.
provide ongoing performance management, employee relations, and policy guidance support to your client group.
advise and complete all termination processes, voluntary and involuntary.
provide quick and timely support for escalated employee questions/issues from our people support center in manila.
support your region's hr business partners as needed.
execution and continuous improvement of hr programs and processes to improve employee, manager experience and increase compliance in their region or function.
self-driven. you have superior organizational skills, integrity and great follow through on tasks. you don't get overwhelmed easily.
naturally curious. you're innovative, extremely creative and constantly looking for ways to tweak and optimize processes.
passionate about the employee experience. you are self aware, well-spoken and eloquent in emails.
fun. you're a charismatic people person who can talk to anyone; you're flexible, fearless, and excited to help build something awesome and share it with the world.
motivated. you understand the impact of a highly-satisfied, excited crew; you are slightly obsessive-compulsive about grinding away at issues.
bachelor's degree in  business/human resources preferred.
a minimum or 2 years of prior experience in an hr/ hr operations role. in lieu of degree, 6 years of relevant experience.
comfortable using data analysis to support a story.
understanding of regional hr and industry practices is a plus.
workday experience and/or experience using jira is a plus.

the people team at uber enables business success by supporting hr programs and services. they support the organisation for all people needs, from onboarding to learning to benefits and more. they are the people for people and provides programs and services to help employees thrive at uber.

