Uber 69--General-Manager--Ubereats---Vienna-(F_M)---Vienna--Austria---Uber---Uber.Txt




ubereats delivers the best of your city right when you want it. our curated menus feature dishes from the local spots you love and the ones you've always wanted to try. it's the same cashless payment as an uber ride. so just tap the app, get your food delivered right to your doorstep and enjoy! as the general manager for ubereats in your city, you will have the unique opportunity to scale and develop our food platform in one of our major cities globally.

a business leadership role in a high-growth environment, and you will work with the ubereats operations teams along with headquarters-based engineering, product, and process teams. you will have main responsibility for the growth of the ubereats business in vienna.
work with the ubereats team, product team, and engineering to communicate product and process needs to deliver ubereats in your market
initiate creative local marketing strategies and user growth campaigns targeted both at the consumer and the restaurant partners
develop the business from ground up: be on site at different restaurants handling logistics and transport, helping restaurants optimize their supply chain and connecting their business with uber's
run experiments: we're looking for people who are curious and passionate about solving problems! as a startup within a startup, there will be many interesting opportunities ahead. we have a bent toward experimenting and finding unique solutions.
engage with local regulatory and political stakeholders within the food delivery ecosystem
scale ubereats to other cities through developing and sharing your experience

senior management level experience (at least 5 years) of marketing or operations management experience
master's degree in science/engineering, economics, finance, management, social sciences, law or similar field (mba a plus)
data-driven decision mentality and sound business judgment through deep analytical thinking
creative solutions driven mindset, with an execution oriented attitude
relevant experience in consumer service marketing is helpful
stellar networking skills and the ability to develop smart partnerships
entrepreneurial bent
a passion for ubereats and growing the brand

compensation
wage from eur 100,000 gross according to the applicable collective bargaining agreement.

