Uber 573--Customer-Service-Manager-(Greenlight)---Singapore---Singapore--Singapore---Uber---Uber.Txt




the greenlight manager will lead the charge in building a best in class customer service experience for them. you'll manage your team of greenlight experts, fleet advisers and telemarketing experts, to onboard partners, resolve support issues efficiently and comprehensively and treat every support interaction as an opportunity to build a better connection between uber, lion city rentals and the driver community.
owning the success metrics for customer satisfaction and facility operational and financial performance
driving performance improvements through process development and innovation
hiring, training, and managing greenlight experts, fleet advisers and telemarketing experts
collecting and reporting on performance data
maintaining an awesome experience in our support centre
cultivating the global uber brand and augmenting it with local details

bachelor's degree with 3-5 years of relevant experience
call center management, service team, retail or other customer service experience strongly preferred
solid verbal and written communication skills
leadership in customer service - you'll need truly world-class people skills to be able to influence partners as well as your team to deliver the uber growth goals. depending on the conversation, you'll need to be able to charm or cajole our partners accordingly and coach our enthusiastic team of greenlight experts, fleet advisers and telemarketing experts.
analytical ability - we take an intensely data-driven approach to running our business. in order to efficiently manage the partner support centre you'll be creating metrics to measure impact of your teams face-to-face interactions and use our data to make the right, operational decisions.
process driven. you have superior organizational skills, and constantly look to rejig things to make them more efficient. you question ‘why' and seek to upskill to improve outcomes for our partners and the business.
business instincts - inherently curious by nature, you enjoy thinking about what makes different businesses tick. you're comfortable managing a p&l and reporting on metrics which show the success of your management decisions.

our regional network of greenlight hubs, which are our in-person driver partner onboarding and support centers, help new uber drivers get on the road for the first time, provide support and build engagement for our growing driver partner community.


