Uber 542--Global-Head-Of-Sales-Operations--Uber-Eats---San-Francisco---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt




uber eats is seeking a resourceful and driven head of sales operations to lead our growing sales operations team globally, focused on driving efficiencies and results across our sales process, strategy, and tools. this is a people-management role, and the
ideal candidate is empathetic, data-driven, and a self-starter with experience in both mature and start-up environments.

you'll succeed in this role if: you embrace rolling up your sleeves with your team; you enjoy finding the balance between short-term needs and long-term investments; your working style is collaborative, process-driven, and decisive.

this is a role central to our sales growth and effectiveness across eats globally, based in san francisco.


lead and inspire a team of 10+ regional leads and analysts across north america, emea, apac, and latam focused on understanding sales performance, managing sales processes, and driving insights.
oversee crm adoption and productivity initiatives across teams, regions, and segments
lead on high priority initiatives including (but not limited to) org structure, sales incentive design, market segmentation, and territory optimization.
drive qbrs, consistent sales goal setting processes, and design of sales incentive plans, partnering with cross-functional teams and sales leadership.


a minimum of 7 years working cross-functionally with sales, sales finance, sales compensation, or sales leadership.
leadership experience hiring and coaching a sales operations or business operations team
excellent written and verbal communication skills, as well as stakeholder management, sales systems design, and data analysis experience.
experience with salesforce; ability to develop analysis based on crm data in a scalable manner. you geek out in understanding the sales funnel and you read up on sales operations best practices.
desire to take initiative; lean in with your team; thrive on change and comfortable with ambiguity.
strong references from former employers and business partners;
passion for building relationships
nice to have: experience with sql, salesforce, and bi tools (e.g, tableau or looker)
