Uber 157--Head-Of-Business--Egypt---Egypt---Uber---Uber.Txt

as head of business, egypt, you'll have the opportunity to join a high growth company and shape and deliver on a plan to create mind share and broad usage of the uber mobile app among hundreds of millions of consumers in the region.

your responsibilities will include defining key market segments to target, and driving the necessary business relationships at the c-level with partners in egypt and the middle east to: (1) accelerate growth in uber riders; (2) increase the supply of transport available on the uber platform; and (3) establish partnerships that increase uber's profitability. you'll also work closely with the uber product team in san francisco to help evolve uber's service and address issues, concerns, and requests from the field.

you have an excellent ability to think strategically and analytically about business and product opportunities, and a demonstrated portfolio of accomplishments initiating and driving high-value partnerships with the largest and most important companies across the region, within the internet and mobile spaces. a keen sense of responsibility, speedy execution, and initiative is a must. you are comfortable as an individual contributor / deal lead, as well as a manager that leads your team to drive an engagement.

serve as a key member of the uber business development team in helping to drive overall market plan.
define the uber egypt partnership roadmap.
set a strategic business development plan for target markets in egypt and ensure it's in line with the overall uber strategic direction.
execute on uber's top partnership opportunities in egypt, while working with key internal stakeholders (e.g. product, engineering, operations, legal, etc.).
identify specific prospects/partners to approach and effectively communicate the specific value proposition for the partner's business and use case.
prepare and give business reviews to uber senior management team regarding progress and roadblocks to increasing adoption of uber by riders and transport partners.
handle a high volume of engagements and the fast pace of our company.

at least 7 years of business development experience in egypt or the middle east.
experience with establishing, maintaining and leveraging c-level relationships at partner companies.
ability to fuse business, strategy, finance and legal concepts to lead complex, multi-faceted deals.
excellent verbal and written communications skills are a must, as well as leadership skills.
demonstrated ability to work effectively across internal and external organizations.
extensive senior relationships with business leaders across egypt's top companies.
preferred:
mba or jd highly desired.
prior experience working for a technology company.
experience with company development activities.

