Uber 600--Country-Marketing-Head---Philippines---Taguig-City--Philippines---Uber---Uber.Txt




the country marketing head role is a unique opportunity to lead the local brand, social, and content teams for the ph region, shaping the voice through communication on a variety of platforms. this role calls for a rare combination of strategic planning, ability to tell a story, meet deadlines, and leadership. you are comfortable taking initiative, love solving people problems and can thrive in a high growth environment.

this is an rigorous business side role in a high growth environment that will work closely with the ph general manager and other key stakeholders to continue driving rapid growth of uber in the ph region. the country marketing head will create excellent relationships with headquarters to implement and advise on strategic initiatives that include brand, content & copy, social, business development, and policy and communications. you will work with other country marketing heads along to align efforts and drive growth across the region.
lead and empower a team of marketing managers to run and grow the ph operations
manage the voice and brand of manila through email, blogs, and all social channels for both riders and partners
develop content strategies and successfully meet deadlines in a productive environment
use analytics to drive performance of our communications measuring engagement among riders and partners
be a brand partner with hq design, enhancing visual communications while aligning with our brand guidelines
lead our copywriting process ensuring our messaging reflects our brand, our quality, and our values
partner with our events team to plan for everything surrounding major events, stunts and promotions in the ph area
develop integrated marketing campaigns
collaborate with the ph general manager and other team leads to outline the strategic direction of the business and implement processes to help scale as we grow

minimum of 8 years of marketing, sales and business development experience, preferably in a deadline oriented environment
minimum of 4 years of people management
brand management experience is a huge plus
extensive/regular online presence and familiarity with social media (twitter, linkedin, facebook, wordpress, etc.) a plus
a reputation as an influencer amongst your friends and community


our operations teams are the heart and soul of uber. these are the teams that take our global product and localize it to an assigned market, while creating thousands of economic opportunities for drivers, and making transportation cheaper and more accessible for our riders. we are in the midst of incredible growth, which requires hard work. we are looking for people who are passionate about what they do and ready to roll up their sleeves to grow their city.
