Uber 582--Content-Strategist_Copywriter---Internship_Co-Op-(Summer-2018)---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt



we're looking for whip-smart copywriters/content strategists to join us in the summer of 2018 and get their hands dirty working to help us define and execute against the grand uber vision for the future. the role requires great execution, obsession with quality, fearlessness, and an unquenchable thirst for learning something new every single day. let the unknown inspire you and never settle. for every completed and successful project launched, there will always be more waiting right behind it.

you'll be embedded directly in one of uber's product teams, working on a project in close collaboration with other copywriters & content strategists.
experience what it takes to write for millions of users – and hopefully teach us something too.
discover the magic of prototyping. during your internship at uber, you'll test out your content with all kinds of high-and-low fidelity prototypes. by the end of your internship, you'll be fully versed in the latest and greatest new tools and trends.
work alongside other members of a product team to get the fit and finish right. you'll experience release cycles and learn what details matter at each stage of the product development process.
present your work to the content team, and leave with valuable learnings and portfolio pieces.

you must be actively enrolled in, or a recent grad from a degree program focusing on copywriting.
your growing portfolio has some stand-out work.
whether it's product, coms, mobile, web, in-app, or elsewhere, you'll have at least one project that demonstrates your ability as a content creator.
you're a walking encyclopedia of the latest apps and content trends (on mobile, web, desktop, etc), and have ideas and opinions on how to make many of them even better.

you're a strategy whiz that can infuse that thinking into all of your content.
you know the difference between writing for yourself and writing for an audience of millions who might interpret things differently than you do.
you can teach the team something new.

the product content team at uber comes up with creative solutions to tackle complex content problems—from driver onboarding flows, to how copy is crafted for the rider app, to self-driving car content strategies. our teammates have an incredible mix of copy/strategy expertise across many content functions. above all, we believe in craftsmanship, and creating elegant, compelling, delightful user experiences using the power of words.

all submissions will be reviewed and qualified candidates contacted in january 2018 for next steps.


please submit your resume and portfolio for consideration.
