Uber 527--Creative-Director---Latam-(Mexico-City)---Mexico-City--Mexico---Uber---Uber.Txt



design in mexico city, mexico

uber is seeking a
creative director
to build and lead the latam creative team. the role demands a strategic brand vision, bold innovation, obsession with quality, an understanding of regional markets across latam, and fearlessness in building a breakthrough brand.


work among other exceptionally skilled staff in a fast-paced, rapidly growing, highly collaborative environment.
from music festivals to marketing collateral, you will have the opportunity to give a local voice to uber's communications.
conceptualize and execute both large scale and small scale brand expressions that are incredibly impactful and positive.
push projects to a world class level conceptually. craft and lead premier executions that range from illustration to environmental design.
manage and direct outside agencies in a variety of cross disciplinary executions.
help designers become a source of inspiration for marketing efforts and inspire marketing management to be even more potent.
teach designers across regions how to strengthen their voices to become thought and creative leaders in their local markets.
enable regional teams to ship high quality design assets with minimal effects on velocity, maximizing quality, creativity, and timely delivery.
build team camaraderie and apply best practices in cross region knowledge sharing.
build the systems for you (and others) to effectively identify, evaluate and hire designers and writers who can take uber to new levels of excellence.

minimum 5 years of relevant visual design experience in print, interactive design, environmental design, social media, and/or direct marketing, preferably in a traditionally managed creative or digital agency environment.
minimum 5 years experience directly managing, mentoring, and building local and remote design teams
highly strategic and conceptual thinker with love of storytelling and that pushes creative boundaries
excellent business acumen, with a solid understanding of how to achieve business objectives while meeting an expected brand standard and high bar for aesthetic quality
experienced overseeing relationships with brand consultancies and interactive agencies.
