Uber 462--Sr-Paralegal--Competition---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt





at uber, we pride ourselves on the amazing team we've built. the driver behind all our growth, our bold and disruptive brand, and the game-changing technology we bring to market is the people that make uber well, uber. delivering a first class, on-demand transportation experience takes a critical eye for quality, and we want a paralegal who has the same critical eye. this addition to our team must be organized, experienced, and willing to take on the responsibility to make things happen. the paralegal will be based at uber's headquarters in san francisco, ca or washington, dc and will report to the head of our competition team.

the right person will be comfortable in an "all hands on deck" environment, has a "the buck stops here" mentality and can thrive in a startup culture. is this you? well then, keep reading!

support the growing competition law department
establish and maintain confidential files and record keeping systems
process documents
maintain and update legal library of resource materials
manage and organize our internal resources dedicated to keeping the business well-informed on critical competition issues
track competition activity across the company
coordinate and keep on track a global team spanning many time zones
daily opportunities to help us resolve issues central to our business

4+ years of experience in either big firm or in-house legal department
some in-house experience preferred
a./b.s. or paralegal certificate required
experience with in-depth research and discovery preferred
legal research skills with lexis or wl
experience with dealing with and/or responding to agencies a plus
technical savvy – experience with excel and google drive and box is highly preferred
sql knowledge is a plus
excellent communication skills - you know how to communicate clearly in writing, and in speech
able to juggle multiple projects at a time in a fast-paced environment, both collaborating as a team to stay in sync and working independently to get the job done
self-motivation - being a self-starter is critical – you can't be afraid to figure things out on your own with little guidance
enthusiastic about uber!
