Uber 500--Airspace-Simulation-Specialist---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt





the airspace simulation specialist will focus on our uber initiative to fast forward to ridesharing in the sky, i.e. urban aviation.  specifically, this person will focus on our new initiative to create airspace systems at uber including elevate network services and a network operations center. the candidate will be the go-to-person for all airspace simulation considerations within the airspace systems group under the direction of the airspace systems director and in close coordination with the elevate head of operations.

selection, installation and configuration of airspace simulation systems.
the candidate will analyze the existing airspace simulation systems (research and production) and select the most effective systems to support the uber elevate urban air mobility and drone delivery efforts.  will be responsible for installation and configuration of these systems for simulations.
airspace scenario generation and simulation.
the candidate will generate scenarios that mimic uber elevate air-taxi operations at different stages, early demonstration flights, initial operations and operational implementation. will generate uber drone delivery scenarios at different levels of complexity and scale and will be able to simulate these scenarios while collecting the appropriate data.
simulation systems development.
the candidate will be responsible for making sure any necessary modifications to the simulation systems are identified and implemented. it would be a plus if the candidate could makes some of these changes independently, but s/he may also coordinate either with in-house engineers or external engineers to implement necessary modifications.
conduct real time simulations
the candidate will conduct real time simulations of airspace operations to investigate concept alternatives and provide input data into the elevate airspace systems under development.
data collection from simulation runs
the candidate should understand the data collection needs associated with the simulation runs and make sure the required data is collected and can be accessed for further processing. this may include preprocessing data into a format that is usable by analysts.
coordination with other engineering teams
the candidate will ensure proper coordination with other relevant teams and stakeholders, such as the elevate network services engineering team, the network operations center team, the elevate operations team as well as the uber core services to understand requirements and priorities for implementation.
coordination with external simulations
. it is expected that uber will also work with external organizations (e.g. nasa, faa) on simulations. the candidate will be coordinating technical aspects of these simulations and joint interactions.


technical depth in airspace procedures and simulations
since the candidate will be the initial point person for airspace simulations, will need to have prior experience in conducting airspace simulations with state of the art simulation systems.
the candidate needs to have a deep understanding of current airspace procedures and operations in the national airspace system. the candidate needs to know how airspace operations are simulated and should be able to assess the fidelity of the simulations. this candidate should know which airspace operations can be modelled to which level of detail.
the candidate should have a good understanding of current uas operations and proposed uas traffic management (utm) concepts and how they will interoperate with the current and future air traffic management of scheduled air carrier operations as well as general aviation traffic. this includes approaches to coordinate and avoid large and small uas and piloted aircraft.
the candidate will need to develop new airspace simulation scenarios and should be familiar with current procedural rules and regulations and have a vision towards scenarios reflecting elevate air-taxi operations and drone deliveries. scenarios should reflect different stages of implementation and scale. the candidate should have a general idea of what a drone delivery and an evtol trajectory would likely look like.
the candidate should be able to identify effective improvements to the simulation systems and be able to communicate those to the engineering teams (internal or external) effectively. being able to conduct some improvements herself would be a plus.
strong vision and strategic thinking
the candidate will need to be able to envision the elevate air-taxi and the drone delivery operations 5-10 years out, and she must strategically think about how uber's scenarios will unfold over time, starting with a representation of the demonstration flights in 2020, building up to initial operations in 2023 and full up ops in 2025.
excellent communication and collaboration skills
the candidate will need to work closely with other organizations to develop and socialize the simulation scenarios, therefore, he ideally has experience working with the faa, nasa and other stakeholders on airspace simulations.
uber will be in a leadership position here, and the person in this role will assist in uber's internal and external messaging for our technical efforts as they relate to elevate and drone delivery.  as such, this person must possess the vision and reasonable ability to communicate, evangelize, and execute against that vision in order to form and grow the necessary partnerships over several years.
the candidate will also need to be able to collaborate with various engineering teams, primarily the airspace engineering team and should therefore have the technical depth to effectively communicate with software engineers about engineering design in particular as it relates to simulation systems.

