Uber 234--Brand-And-Safety-Analyst---Egypt---Uber---Uber.Txt





a lover of process and optimisation.
you will be scaling and building incident support processes for the uber community. you're excited about the opportunity to create and experiment with support processes, and are willing and able to lead others to adopt and utilize them.
data­ driven and analytical in mindset
. you know data is a means to an end and know the right questions to ask to drive to actionable outcomes. you can explain complex analysis and data to a variety of audiences in a digestible way. you can manipulate an excel sheet like nobody's business. bonus points if you have sql, coding, or programming experience.
incredibly empathetic and understanding
of both riders and driver partners experiences. you will be a powerful advocate for uber's users and should be obsessed with the community experience and laser-focused on safety.
cool and calm under pressure.
this role will involve coordinating responses to complex and sensitive incidents. as such, you have superior organisational skills, integrity, and great follow-through on tasks.
naturally curious.
you will use your investigative prowess and internal tools to come to the right answer.
word­savvy.
you're eloquent and able to strike the perfect tone, whether you're explaining a new policy to our internal customers, or riders and driver partners, explaining the importance of certain complicated metrics, or responding to support issues over email.
you work hard and smart and will take the lead in a minimally structured environment. you are flexible with your time and willing to travel in order to get the job done.



scale and standardise the incident and safety response processes and policies across a complex and diverse mega-region (emea)
work with global counterparts to align and standardise incident / safety response work
drive communication of incident response teams globally
identify and establish key metrics to measure the effectiveness of the irt program within region
support the incident response team roadmap taking into account the regional plans and drive innovation of processes
implement internal and external community safety policies
coordinate with our internal teams (operations, legal, policy & communications, support agents) to help resolve incidents to a high quality and timely manner while minimising inefficiencies.

requirements

demonstrated data/ analytics experience. excel and sql proficiency are a must
r, python or other programming languages are a big plus
bachelor's degree in business, communications or economics
prior professional experience with optimisation, processes, systematic organisation, program/project management.
exceptional writing and verbal communication skills
ability to work in a very fast paced environment while remaining calm and level-headed
experience working independently in a minimally structured environment

preferred requirements

crisis management or consultancy background preferred, but not required

