Uber 376--Existing-Partnerships-Manager--Uber-Eats---Costa-Rica---San-Jose--Costa-Rica---Uber---Uber.Txt





the existing partnerships manager role is a unique opportunity to help grow one of uber's newest services: uber eats, which is in the process of expanding in a big way.

we're looking for someone who can own relationship management with our base of existing restaurant partners. the role involves ownership of operations related to our restaurant partners, from onboarding and training all the way through to analysis and optimization of delivery operations. your mission is to make our restaurant partners happy with our service and help them grow their businesses.

it demands a unique combination of rapport building skills, analytical drive, and process architecting abilities. this is an fast-paced, growing role, and this person will work with the eats operations teams along with other teams to drive significant evolution in the ubereats business.


help restaurants get started on the uber eats platform
process scaling: help design processes, whether it be prospecting, onboarding, account management, etc. in such a way that they fuel, rather than act as a bottleneck, on growth
menu design and expansion planning: structure experiments and conduct analysis to grow basket size & usage, develop optimal restaurant mix, and dictate when we can expand geographically and temporally
collecting and acting on feedback. create processes and account management tools to stay in close communication with restaurant partners and incorporate feedback into process improvements on the ground
commitment to contributing to uber's growth in their city and getting the job done to delight users and restaurant partners - we take nps seriously!


bachelor's degree from a 4-year university and a minimum of 2 years of analytical, operational, and / or consulting experience is expected - but we will consider candidates with less experience if they meet our other requirements
ability to take initiative in a constantly-changing work environment and adopt a generalist mindset
experience creating and optimizing processes
data-driven decision making mentality and sound business judgment through thorough analytical thinking
a customer service orientation and experience developing deep partnerships
roll up your sleeves and get into the details approach.
solid understanding of a variety of business models (we're still proving ours)
passion for the on-demand delivery space, and food delivery in particular


as part of the uber eats city team, you'll work closely with the general manager and the sales, operations and marketing teams to support processes that scale and innovate uber eats sales from the ground up.

