Uber 119--Regional-Marketing-Strategy-&-Operations-Associate---Apacx---Singapore--Singapore---Uber---Uber.Txt








the regional marketing strategy & operations associate works closely with the director of marketing and strategy director apacx to assist in setting the vision for the marketing function across the region, bring focus and fluidity to day-to-day marketing operations and ensure that the marketing team remains aligned on goals.
the role presents a huge opportunity to contribute to the strategic workflow across the marketing team, and to help generate the most innovative, effective and rigorously tracked marketing output, with the goal of driving growth across segments and products.
if you are ready to work in a high-performance culture and take marketing strategy to the next level, come join our team.



assist in the development of marketing strategy and goals, through evaluation of business models and projections, at both the regional and market levels, in close partnership with key business functions
be a part of building solid marketing execution roadmaps that will help to deliver on marketing goals and identify resource needs and budget, to launch marketing programs
aid in the the development of a marketing dashboard that captures progress against marketing and business goals, facilitating frequent report outs on key marketing metrics to other business functionswork closely with both regional and market counterparts to identify opportunities for growing the business and segments through building scale, exploring special initiatives and framing white space ideas


speedy, resourceful, go getter. you are committed to excel and persevere.
self-driven. you have excellent organizational skills, integrity and great follow through on tasks. you don't get overwhelmed easily.
open and curious. you're innovative, deeply creative and constantly looking for ways to improve and optimize process.
relationship builder. you are able to build deep relationships with cross functional partners and negotiate to get things done


understand the apac market and local competition for uber.
at least 3 years experience in a marketing strategy function with exposure to acquisitions, retention, analytics and branding
critical thinking, excellent analysis, and problem-solving skills.
inspired by the big picture and being part of a team that aligns marketing initiatives around core brand targets and strategic goals.
a demonstrated strategist with engaging skills in verbal, written, and visual communications.
