Uber 540--Revenue-Growth-Specialist---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt





the growth specialist is responsible for increasing revenue by growing new business to business operations at uber. who we're looking for? someone who's passion for sales is coupled with their drive to help create a completely new organization within uber.

as a
growth specialist
, you will be instrumental in developing and launching revenue-generating growth initiatives with business partners. your product and operational expertise make you uniquely qualified to help organizations get the most out of the product. your empathy for customers and passion for solving big problems position you for success as an internal advocate. customer obsession is a guiding principle for the team and you will be the tip of the spear getting direct feedback to inform the product roadmap. finally, your team-first approach makes you an ideal founding member of this new product with uber as your successes and playbooks will be the springboard for the team that comes behind you.
get your hands dirty: we are a small, scrappy team. you need to be ready to roll up your sleeves.
develop meaningful relationships with key prospects including: product demonstrations, implementation planning, contract discussions, and business impact discussions.
drive revenue from prospecting & discovery through close.
influence product planning & roadmap through prospect & customer feedback.
pave the road to scale the sales function. help design process, structure, and tools to effectively grow revenue.
translate your industry and product learnings into playbooks to accelerate revenue growth across the organization.
collaborate with the the program team and account management team to develop and iterate on a prioritization model, operational infrastructure, and internal tools and processes needed to achieve and maintain scale without sacrificing service quality.
at least 5 years of partner management, business development, or client service-related roles.
demonstration of achievement in direct sales or business development and the ability to consistently exceed kpis, revenue targets, and company goals
excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to persuasively communicate recommendations and effectively champion customer needs
passion and deep understanding of customer service
insight and knowledge that allows you to make excellent data-driven decisions
an ability to resolve problems, adapt, and grow quickly as we build a new uber business line
excellent organization, project management and time management skills
resourcefulness, go getter attitude- uber is committed to constant improvement you're excited to help create a product that will change people's lives.
·

proven team player: this is a small team iterating toward important goals. you are excited to dive in and solve problems as a team
