Uber 150--Counsel--Transactions---Emea---Amsterdam--Netherlands---Uber---Uber.Txt




we are currently searching for a high calibre transactions counsel to help manage our commercial transactions needs at an emea level. you will be based at uber's international headquarters in amsterdam. however, you'll also be expected to be willing to travel across the region where needed.


work closely with our emea team and other members of the legal department globally on commercial transactions, corporate and product matters across the region.
act as a point of contact on transactions issues for the business in amsterdam as well as for teams at our global hq in san francisco and assist our regional legal teams working on similar issues as needed.
be an active partner, and ensure the provision of timely business-focused advice,  to a variety of business areas including product development, vehicle solutions, business development and uber for business.
work on commercial contracts such as technology agreements, promotional agreements, sponsorships, partnerships as well as general procurement and marketing and advertising initiatives across the region
with your team, be responsible for the efficient management of company secretarial issues for the region, ensuring timely filings.
you'll take responsibility for ensuring we have the right processes and tools available to enable the team's capability to scale as the business does.
provide strategic and proactive legal advice to internal business groups. it's our job to peer round corners for the business and ensure that we are well positioned for the future.
effectively and efficiently manage outside counsel to achieve business objectives
understand, interpret and apply current regulations as applicable to uber's business models in the region and your areas of responsibility.
work hard but have a lot of fun doing it!

what you need

excellent business judgment, communication and interpersonal skills
to be able to think on your feet and make quick decisions
thrive in high impact/high profile situations
dutch law qualified (preferably). fluent in written and spoken english. any other relevant languages are an advantage too.
enthusiastic about uber!
