Uber 265--Sr-Technical-Recruiter---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt



we also pride ourselves on the amazing team we've built. the driver behind all our growth, our bold and innovative brand, and the transformative technology we bring to market is the people that make uber well, uber. delivering a premier, on-demand transportation experience takes a critical eye for quality, and we want a recruiter who has the same critical eye. our recruiters must be able to find the diamonds in the rough.
self-driven. you have a positive attitude, exceptional organizational skills, integrity and great follow through on tasks.
bold. you are a self-aware, clear communicator with empathy towards the people you work with. you're innovative, highly creative, and constantly looking for ways to find skilled team members.
passionate about candidate experience. you're respectful of the candidate and the stressful process a job hunt can be.
tenacious. you're a charismatic people person who can talk to anyone; you're flexible, bold, and excited to help build something awesome and share it with the world.
motivated. you understand the impact of a highly-satisfied, excited team; you are dedicated to solving the difficult problems.
you are a team player. you're willing to help out wherever needed.

you'll be tasked with supporting our hiring managers, building high-performance teams and partnering wherever needed.
source and hire across all teams but primarily engineering; helping to drive our product and ultimately continue to expand our business globally.
create robust pipelines while making each candidate feel like they're the only one you're talking to.
be knowledgeable about our business and be on point for hr related questions (i.e. benefits, comp, etc).
spread the uberlove through attending networking events, e-meetups, etc.
work to improve upon existing programs and develop innovative strategies around finding our future team.
develop relationships across multiple teams.
showcase your passion for the industry. that means intimate knowledge about market, target companies, relationships in open source networks.
build pipelines from scratch, over and over again. how many candidates is it going to take for you to find the perfect fit?

at least 5 years of technical recruiting experience required
at least 1 year of technical sourcing experience required
in-house & agency recruiting experience
degreed or have equivalent work experience
technical savvy
