Uber 669--Sr-Ebs-Finance-Developer---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt



for the women and men who drive with uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. for cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.


you are passionate about using technology to solve big business problems. you are hungry to make a difference. you have created software that can scale and handle complex interchange of data and compute between multiple geographical locations. you like creating software that is robust to various kinds of network, system and state failures, without compromising the data and business applications that use it. you love tuning your software and porting existing software to different architectures. you have also worked with open source build/release/test toolchains and are familiar with multiple languages. you like to optimize your software to run with extremely light footprint, on high-demand systems, without compromising the core functionality of the systems.




bachelor or masters degree from a premier program strongly preferred
4 years of experience in implementation, development, process re-engineering and support of any of the business systems such as oracle financials.
good understanding of relational databases, sql, pl/sql, j2ee, python, rest api, javascript
depth in one or more domains such as finance, payments, accounting, procurement.
excellent analytical, problem solving, and troubleshooting skills to handle complex process and technology issues
attention to detail and strong personal organizational skills and able to work in fast-paced, high volume environment.
shown history of successful problem solving with strong sense of ownership
experience with source control systems such as git, subversion, cvs
adaptability to new technologies, fast learner
:
work with the product managers in fintech to develop the products they design for solving business needs. we use j2ee, python, sql, oracle pl/sql, javascript, apex, unix shell scripting
enhance the products in fintech portfolio and provide extraordinary support of your products
in addition to building products, we also buy and implement 3rd party software (both cloud and on-premise solutions such as coupa, oracle, expensify, origami rmis, etc) in order to meet our business needs. you will develop integrations between these products as part of the implementation
work directly with us and international finance business users in amsterdam and singapore to provide extraordinary day-to-day application support
partner with our business users and troubleshoot simple to complex application issues and develop creative solutions as needed
the products we build in finance directly impact uber drivers, riders and employees. you'll have a tremendous opportunity to help us solve the many challenges we have in meeting our goal - transportation as reliable as running water, everywhere, for everyone.

