Uber 571--Data-Scientist---Advanced-Analytics-(Palo-Alto)---Palo-Alto--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt





about the data science driver team

the driver team at uber is focused on accelerating driver growth, engagement, and retention across 300+ cities worldwide. data scientists on driver play a central role in guiding product development and strategy through the discovery of insights from data. in this position, you will offer a data-driven perspective and work closely with product, engineering, and marketing. you will be on the forefront of analysis and leverage our data sources to propose new ideas related to every area of our product, including developing predictive models of driver behavior, studying market balance and developing a growth model in the context of a two-sided market, and creating experiment designs for product changes with difficult constraints (e.g. extensive product network effects). our team's autonomy gives us the flexibility to focus on the highest-impact projects in this adaptive and challenging role as we bring increasing numbers of riders and drivers onto the uber platform.

what you could be doing:
leverage data to perform intensive analysis across all areas of our business to catalyze product development
design experiments and interpret the results to draw detailed and actionable conclusions
build cutting-edge machine learning models to make our product intelligent (nlp, ocr, neural network, etc)
generate and execute on ideas for exploratory analysis to shape future projects and provide recommendations for actions
perform time-series analyses, hypothesis testing, and causal analyses to statistically assess relative impact and extract trends
create models to enhance understanding of user behavior and predict future performance of cohorts
create dashboards and reports to regularly communicate results and monitor key metrics
present findings to senior management to guide business decisions
collaborate with cross-functional teams across disciplines such as product, engineering, operations, and marketing

here are the skills we're looking for:
at least 2 years of experience in quantitative analysis experience (preferably in an engineering or product role).
superb quantitative background in a quantitative domain such as computer science, machine learning, operations research, statistics, or similar.
experience with common analysis tools - sql, r, and python.
demonstrable proficiency in coding, programming concepts, and technical tools with analysis combined with the enthusiasm and passion to build.
a product mindset - you ask and address the most important analytical questions with a view on enhancing product impact.
passionate and attentive self-starters, great communicators, amazing follow-through - you are entrepreneurial and love the responsibility of being personally empowered.
