Uber 136--Product-Designer--Uber-Eats---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt


we might be a good match if...

you're a generalist with a sweet spot, or a specialist looking to broaden your skills
you focus on ui, ux, or you're a mythical unicorn. we're interested in talented designers first, titles a distant second.

you believe in craftsmanship and create elegant and compelling designs, over and over.
your portfolio has some best-in-class work. you're a walking encyclopedia of microinteractions in use (on mobile, web, desktop, etc), and have nuanced views on how to make many of them even better.

you've shipped product.
you've weathered release cycles and know what details matter at each stage, how to motivate engineers to get the fit and finish right, how to translate insights from user studies into meaningful action, and what's most likely to go afoul at each stage. you can share several shining examples of real work you've shipped, and what you learned along the way.

you substantially contribute to defining the 'what' as well as the 'how'.
you're a product manager's secret weapon. you thrive best when helping to define the requirements, not just translating them into designs. you facilitate and draw the best design ideas from teammates.

you can think and talk about the bottom line.
analytics don't scare you, and you know which features can act as force multipliers on your company's business model.

prototyping is a key part of your toolset.
you've prototyped on multiple platforms. you've made last-minute tweaks between user studies. you know how to be all kinds of quick and dirty, but dream of better prototyping tools.

cross-platform is your style.
hopefully you've shipped something across several platforms. you know what translates from desktop and what doesn't, or why you'd opt for one solution for ios and another on android.
on the uber eats team, we're on a mission to make eating well effortless for everyone, everywhere. as a product designer, you'll take on tough interaction and service design challenges, and you'll work on big new ideas that will transform how people eat. you'll collaborate with design-oriented engineers, product managers and some of the world's best designers and researchers in a fast-paced, rapidly growing environment. you'll make magic by crafting and shipping delightful experiences for people around the world.

check out some of our work on https://www.uber.design
