Uber 134--Sales-Manager--Seoul---Ubereats---Seoul--Korea--Republic-Of---Uber---Uber.Txt






with ubereats, we're building uber's newest and fastest growing business, spanning 60 cities across all six continents in just over a year. today, ubereats is available in over 30 us cities

-- and we're just getting started.
we are seeking a restaurant partnership manager to lead our representatives in seoul
- someone who does this with both short and long-term market goals in mind, ensuring the right people and processes are in place to get there. you'll work closely with general managers, sales operations, and marketing to support processes that scale and innovate ubereverything sales from the ground up.
restaurant partnersip managers oversee a number of reps within our key markets, focusing on the following core responsibilities:
people management:
manage and cultivate highly successful and engaged reps who drive results. monitor, evaluate, and develop the performance of individuals on your teams.
best-in-class sales:
drive your reps towards short and long-term market goals for seoul
, ensuring the right people and processes are in place to get there.
local / regional collaboration:
facilitate focused and productive communication and collaboration among your reps and between your reps/cross-functional partners. collaborate closely with sales operations and city operations to identify, develop, and drive adoption of best practices for long-term growth across your city and others.
manage
a successful restaurant partnership team responsible for exceeding partnership kpis by:
observing sales behavior to identify strengths, weaknesses, and opportunities for improvement
balance corrective with positive feedback to ensure guidance and performance improvement
validate that your reps have working pipeline to meet business targets
be a thought partner
to the head of restaurant partnership, korea,
regards to restaurant partnerships, and local diner acquisition.
collaborate closely
with partnership operations to analyze results and identify opportunities to improve systems, processes, and programs.
3-5 years of experience in b2b companies with a track record of steadily increasing responsibility in sales or customer growth.
proven people manager and team builder with references
exceptional communication and organizational skills.
