Uber 216--People-Strategy-&-Planning-Manager-Emea---Amsterdam--Netherlands---Uber---Uber.Txt




the strategy and planning associate (people & places), works closely with the emea hr director to execute the vision for the people & places function across the region, ensuring that the team remains aligned on business and functional goals. the role presents a huge opportunity to help shape the future of our organization in emea in a role that is a unique blend between a strategy advisor, project manager and quarterback/chief of staff.

if you are keen to work at the highest level of a talent and performance driven culture in a role that can provide a massive learning curve, come join our team.

communicate the people & places strategy internally; be a resource for team members to understand and uphold the overarching strategy
liaising with people & places functional teams (central and regional) to help prioritize initiatives for the region on an ongoing basis and help orchestrating planning cycles back to the local teams and the business
ensure key leadership meetings and team summits are planned, orchestrated and followed-up fluidly
map out current ways of working across people & places roles and cross-functional interdependencies. identify areas for improvement, implement changes and manage process adherence
support coordination of people & places communications to the business
setup and execute projects of strategic significance to emea people & places leadership
act as project lead for special initiatives pulling various cross-functional groups together
work very closely with the emea hr analyst to ensure relevant insights are being articulated and help influencing strategy and/or roll outs of projects

6+ years of consulting / business intelligence / strategy or related experience in hr or change management
some high-growth operations or startup experience is strongly preferred.
exceptional communication and organization skills.
ability to work with remote teams / across time zones to develop strategies and foster a cohesive and creative work environment.
balance attention to detail with swift execution - we need to do things quickly, and we need to do them well. balancing those can be challenging, and this should be a strength.
explorer - the ability to self-serve, investigate and get the data we require will make you much more effective in this role. self-starter attitude is a must!
a high bar across the board - from your own contributions to the people you work with to the products you work on.
a “driver” personality - biased toward action, great collaborator and master disambiguator/simplifier - constantly pushing toward clarity and delivery.
exceptional excel / data management skills.
grittiness.  you never hesitate to roll up your sleeves and tackle something hands-on; you persevere when others fall away.
clear communicator.  you are a clear and concise communicator with the ability to synthesize a lot of information quickly, highlight the key take-aways, and disseminate actionable insights.
