Uber 284--Senior-Product-Designer--Advance-Technology-Group---San-Francisco--Ca---Uber---Uber.Txt


the

uber

advanced

technology

group
; a culture of opportunities marked by rapid-growth and high-productivity. we focus on the development of key long-term technologies that advance uber's mission of bringing safe, reliable transportation to everyone, everywhere.
uber advanced technologies group is developing next generation mapping, vehicle safety, and autonomy technologies. as part of this effort, we're building a small group of uniquely talented and thoughtful designers to define the next generation platform and tooling that supports a variety of high-reaching initiatives.
learn more about the design team and the work being done here https://www.uber.design
about us
we're

fierce

truth-seekers
. the problems we're pursuing are some of the most difficult problems in the industry. we're constantly iterating and working to translate insights and complexity into high-quality, elegant products.
data

is

in

our

dna.
data is at the core of our business and it's instrumental for our design solutions. we often need to “connect the dots” between different tools and sources to create innovative and compelling design solutions.
we

believe

in

craftsmanship.
we see the forest and the trees. we nail the smallest details and the biggest concepts. we know that design doesn't end after we send off the deliverables. we perpetually work with cross functional teams to ensure a high quality bar is met.
prototyping

is

a

key

part

of

our

toolset.
we have the privilege and challenge of working with premier technologists, product managers, and data scientists. we take pride in using the right tool at the right time to communicate our vision fully and set our team members up for success.
you're a prolific designer with a portfolio full of relevant work that you're happy to share with us.
you're excited about the intersection of technology and design and you never shy away incorporating new tools or workflows into your designer toolbelt to solve a problem.
your design process is comprised of user research, data-driven insights and rigorous iteration which enables you to prioritize and execute with clearly and efficiently.
you've shipped products working closely with cross-functional teams.
you strive for establishing elegant visual designs with thoughtful composition, especially when it's not expected.
