Okta 97--Sales-Development-Representative---New-Grad-|-Okta.Txt


position   description : for the high-energy lead generation professional, the sales development representative is a great opportunity to help drive demand for our market-leading cloud adoption and management solution. your consistent track record of working strategically with both marketing and sales teams in a business development and lead generation capacity will allow you to thrive in our dynamic, high-activity environment. working closely with the marketing, you'll be own contacting prospective customers and for qualifying opportunities for the okta solution. working with our seasoned account executives you will map out and build pipeline, and help resolve our most effective marketing channels. at okta we bolster promoting from within and with our current growth plans and the acceleration we're seeing in our business, strong performance in this role can lead to upward mobility within the sales organization.
our sales  representatives are high-energy, self-motivated, agile and able to change hats on the fly. in this highly prized role, excellent phone and email skills and the ability to quickly assess customer opportunities will be critical to your success. you will be responsible for accurately tracking customer interactions and information in our crm system. we're looking for professionals with strong organizational and follow up skills who work well in a team environment. prior lead generation or sales prospecting experience and a college degree will enhance your candidacy for this role. if this sounds like the type of environment in which you thrive, then we want to talk to you about this career-defining opportunity.

generate new business opportunities to fuel the sales pipeline
efficiently respond and qualify inbound marketing leads
help build and prioritize strategic target account lists within a defined territory
research and build new and existing accounts (i.e.: adding contacts, emails, strategic calling)
conduct high level conversations with senior executives in prospect accounts
evangelize okta and the on-demand mode
achieve monthly quotas of qualified opportunities and closed business


minimum of 0-2 years of previous prospecting experience
salesforce.com experience a plus
excellent written/verbal communication skills
strong analytical skills
highly motivated, driven and self-starting individual
ability to work in a dynamic, team environment
ability to understand customer needs and meet that need with a successful product sale
excellent time management/organizational skills
bachelor's degree from an accredited university

