Okta 91--Regional-Sales-Manager-Enterprise-(Washington-D.C.)-|-Okta.Txt


are you a quota crushing enterprise sales professional?
we are hiring the "best of the best" sales professionals who are passionate about their craft and want to continue to excel within our elite sales organization.
our enterprise, regional sales manager (rsm) will lead the sales process within an assigned territory of business for prospective accounts and regional consultant influencers.
we need an rsm who will continually ensure assigned territory growth and profitability by developing solid business relationships with new and existing clients for okta. you will plan and execute strategies and sales tactics in the following areas: territory planning, pre-request for proposal prospecting, relationship development, pricing, presentation and delivery (finalist or other), negotiations, closing and executing contracts.
we also require an rsm that can identify leads that fit within ideal client profiles to market the company's products and services that will meet potential client's needs. you will initiate contact and follow-up on sales meetings and teleconferences, meet sales objectives and targets at profitable rates, move prospects into implementation, and meet established sales goals and quota schedule per plan year's objectives. you will work with sales support to initiate customized proposals and communication for prospective clients and develop familiarity with potential clients to best meet their needs and to field inquiries.
additionally you will organize and conduct sales presentations, site visits and product demonstrations to prospects and will represent okta in a consistent, effective and professional manner to best develop and win new clients. you will need to cultivate ongoing mutually beneficial relationships with consultants and maintain a solid knowledge of okta's technology. it is important that you exercise leadership, demonstrate effective sales planning, and work in a positive and motivating way with internal counterparts and external clients.

meet or exceed monthly, quarterly and yearly revenue targets
develop and execute a comprehensive regional plan
accelerate customer adoption
continually build and grow a robust sales pipeline
work with partners to extend reach & drive adoption
lead contract negotiations
develop long-term strategic relationships with key accounts
ensure customer happiness and success
moderate travel (50%)


10+ years of quota exceeding sales experience working for a technology vendor selling enterprise solutions
experience selling b2b saas software solutions
a track record of developing a greenfield territory, adding net new logos in an enterprise software role
hunter mentality with solid sales dna
strong verbal and written communications skills
extensive customer network
bs/ba degree strongly preferred

