Okta 11--Senior-Manager-Customer-Insights-|-Okta.Txt


the  senior manager, customer insights  will play a pivotal role in defining, managing and expanding okta's voice of the customer listening and product feedback programs.
your role is a strategic company asset that informs product roadmap, customer retention and customer growth strategies. you're an influencer and collaborator who can transform information from multiple sources into compelling insights. you engage and inspire action through storytelling. you champion the customer's needs and their voice within okta by forging tight cross-functional relationships, through which you'll share insights on an ongoing basis.
who we're looking for:
we're looking for an individual who's excited about owning the full spectrum of customer listening: program and project management, defining how we listen via process + technology decisions, assessing okta's big questions, performing research + analysis and evangelizing the impact okta's customer's have on our product and strategy.
the ideal candidate will be a customer experience-centric, research professional with a strong consultative approach and excellent program management skills. they are entrepreneurial and thrive in a fast-paced, highly collaborative environment. passionate about discovering impactful insights, delivering compelling research and influencing business decisions, they are also keenly focused on continuous improvement through defining customer-centric processes and executing programs for product feedback and customer insights.  previous experience managing a product feedback or b2b customer insights program preferred.
roles & responsibilities:

own our survey strategy + the product feedback pipeline/process, including driving business prioritization of key requests
ensure we have the right listening posts across the customer and partner lifecycle
synthesize multiple sources of customer feedback with market and competitive insights.
analyze results, identify key insights, and generate compelling recommendations
be a thought leader, working with product and marketing to identifying new research opportunities
identify and implement new research methods, tools and listening programs to continually improve the value of customer insights within the organization
partner closely with cross-functional stakeholders to define strategies, plan and execute program operations around collecting and analyzing product feedback
create program to reward and recognize customers who contribute feedback and employees who respond to product feedback
manage ongoing initiatives to ensure internal and external awareness of the impact our customer's voice has on our company strategy and product decisions..


3-6+ years experience, ideally leading customer experience and market research
experience building and running voice of the customer programs
background in qualitative and quantitative research methods
customer-obsessed and relentless in leveraging insights to inform the right decisions
proven track record of influencing and inspiring cross-functional peers and senior leaders by generating and implementing new ideas
self-motivated and capable of working in a fast-paced, startup environment while managing multiple projects simultaneously
ability to translate data and insights into powerful, compelling stories that bring customers to life and inspire action
natural collaborator and team player
strong written communication, verbal communication, presentation and interpersonal skills
ability to work across teams, including product management, engineering, corporate marketing, product marketing, sales, and customer first.
pmp, ccxp certifications are a plus
ba or bs degree required.

