Okta 14--Engineering-Communications-Program-Director-|-Okta.Txt


as a member of engineering's technical program management team, you will own and execute a strategic communications program for engineering's software development and infrastructure teams.  the communications program director will develop and deliver presentations and communications campaigns that provide transparency about engineering priorities for internal organizations, as well as produce collateral that customer-facing teams can share externally.
the right candidate will be a charismatic and polished communicator who is able to tell a strategic story and build engineering's brand.  the communications program director will take technically complex priorities or problems and translate them into a variety of engaging written, visual, or presentation-based messages for internal audiences based on their business needs.

devise and execute communications strategies and campaigns to support engineering's strategic objectives and brand goals while meeting the business needs of the customer first organization.
provide communications and information sharing for major engineering deliverables or milestones that meets the needs of teams interacting with customers and prospects.
develop engineering content customized for a variety of audiences ranging from technical to those with little exposure to engineering's priorities or challenges.
establish strong partnerships with the customer first organization's teams and consult regularly with them to establish and maintain an understanding of their information needs.
partner with engineering's leadership team to synthesize and translate their messages into a consistent, effective voice for various audiences – ranging from internal customer-facing team to external customers and partners.
turn technical presentations into relatable stories for all audiences; coordinate closely with cross-functional teams to finalize content, including engineering, product management, design, customer first and sales.
think strategically about content and execute on a campaign-wide scale; pushing out communications in a variety of formats – such as newsletters, case studies, and email campaigns – as well as professional grade presentations.


strong technical aptitude; experience working closely with engineering software development and infrastructure organizations.
understanding of cloud or saas engineering technical challenges.
understanding and appreciation of information needed by customer-facing teams to address engineering related questions or concerns from customer or prospects.
exemplary communication skills – written and verbal at all organization levels.
capable of summarizing and explaining technically complex issues as a concise message – using data as well as story-telling.
ability to consult with senior leadership and ask probing questions, seek to understand and influence the final outcome.
expert level presentation abilities; proven track record of creating and delivering professional, creative and modern presentations.
advanced knowledge of ppt and keynote presentation apps.
solid interpersonal skills, high energy, and proactive.
attention to detail and commitment to information accuracy and cross-organizational transparency.


bachelor's degree
technical project or program management experience in software or system development organization is ideal.
background in technical consulting is ideal.
training in agile or scrum is ideal.

