Okta 67--Enterprise-Regional-Sales-Manager-|-Okta.Txt


do you have the business savvy and the technical sales background necessary to help establish okta as a key technology platform provider?

we are seeking an experienced regional sales manager who will manage the sales process within assigned territories of business for prospective accounts and regional consultant influencers. they will continually ensure assigned territory growth and profitability by developing solid business relationships with new clients for okta. you will develop strategies and sales tactics in the following areas: territory planning, pre-request for proposal prospecting, relationship development, pricing, presentation and delivery (finalist or other), negotiations, closing and managing contracts.

you will identify leads that fit within ideal client profiles for the purpose of marketing the company's services as well as qualify identified leads to determine best products and services that will meet potential client's needs. you will initiate contact and follow-up on sales meetings and teleconferences, meet sales objectives and targets at profitable rates, move prospects into implementation, and meet established sales goals and quota schedule per plan year's objectives. you will work with sales support to initiate customized proposals and communication for prospective clients and develop familiarity with potential clients to best meet their needs and to field inquiries.

the successful candidate will organize and conduct sales presentations, site visits and product demonstrations to prospective clients and will represent okta in a consistent, effective and professional manner to best develop new clients. you will need to foster ongoing mutually beneficial relationships with consultants and maintain a solid knowledge of okta's technology. it is important that you exercise leadership, demonstrate results-oriented sales planning, and works in a positive and motivating way with internal counterparts and external clients.

meet or exceed quarterly revenue targets
develop and execute a comprehensive regional plan
accelerate customer adoption
prospect, build and manage a robust sales pipeline
work with partners to extend reach & drive adoption
manage contract negotiations
develop long-term strategic relationships with key accounts
ensure customer happiness
expect travel (50%)


demonstrated enterprise sales experience working for technology vendor selling enterprise solutions
a track record of success selling to enterprise accounts
strong verbal and written communications skills
extensive customer network
strong leadership skills
bs/ba degree preferred or equivalent

