Okta 45--Technical-Program-Manager---Gtm-|-Okta.Txt


position description:  okta is hiring a seasoned it program manager who loves to lead enterprise-scale sales, marketing, and services programs at a rapidly growing company. you have been a sales/marketing ops manager and you have driven multiple salesforce software implementations - you can speak both languages. you are technical and can see all the facets of a system requirement from ui to app functionality to data architecture to integration. you thrive on implementing technology that brings real value to the business. you can spin multiple plates without breaking a sweat and you like to measure things and answer questions with data. you can see around corners. challenges and complexity motivate you. you are persistent. you can naturally pivot between strategic objectives and project tactics. your communication is clear; when you explain something, people get it. you consider it your personal mission to bring out the best in people. you deliver. your projects succeed and you have a reputation for unrelenting excellence. you pride yourself on exemplifying grace under pressure!

building great relationships with business partners, including sales, marketing, support, professional services, and finance.
leading & delivering multiple highly organized projects running simultaneously and communicating cross-functional status to management & executives
facilitating governance meetings and key decisions with executives in the business and communicating outcomes/actions
driving all project activity between it, development teams, and the business, including monitoring internal & vendor dependencies and resolving problems proactively to ensure things are on time
leading all aspects of a project, from project meetings & scrums to design sessions to problem resolution sessions to business uat to launch
micro-managing or escalating when people need to be held to account and running interference when people need space to get stuff done
anticipating risk, removing obstacles, and alleviating friction that impedes progress
collecting key project & program metrics as part of project execution & operations
crafting a comprehensive program portfolio that clearly defines a technology roadmap and represents the business' priorities
promoting continuous improvement
asking for & giving feedback to encourage an open dialogue & transparency
demonstrating excellent organizational and analytical skills


7-10 years experience in program & project management implementing salesforce, marketo, and professional service packages like financial force, including complex integrations between salesforce and other systems.
at least 5 years experience delivering features & packages on the salesforce platform to a saas technology company.
at least 3 years experience working directly with or in sales ops and/or marketing ops to manage lead to cash and designing business processes & system features for sales, marketing, professional services, and support.
at least 2 years direct experience as a salesforce admin.
fluent with standard saas business practices & requirements.
fluent with software process design, functional requirement definition, and solid testing practices.
passionate about agile principles and high proficiency with jira.
conversant with regulatory compliance requirements & data privacy requirements.

