Okta 120--Creative-Director-|-Okta.Txt






okta is looking for an exceptionally talented creative leader who will be responsible for the strategy and execution of okta's brand identity across all customer, end-user, and partner touchpoints. the creative director will lead collaborative efforts involving design, research, engineering, marketing and other teams to ensure an engaging, end-to-end customer experience with a delightful and distinctive look and feel.





gain a solid understanding of the entire family of okta product areas, web properties, marketing collateral, and audiences.
as a leading force within okta's centralized design team, partner with both product and marketing stakeholders to develop and promote a vision and direction for the okta brand, in all forms across all media.
practice best-in-class design work and providing proper art direction and critique when needed. craft a coherent visual and messaging narrative, promoting a distinctive and recognizable consistency across all experiences, for all audiences, in both marketing and product areas.
manage, motivate, and guide a small team of talented in-house web/brand/product designers. assume ownership of design agency relationships, managing work projects by establishing clear priorities, expectations, and deadlines.
provide quality, actionable feedback to entire designer team, e.g., during design critiques and other working sessions.
co-lead okta's design system initiative to establish a reusable visual language applicable in product, print, digital, and event experiences.
deliver high quality designs for a variety of stakeholders within time-sensitive deadlines.






exceptional portfolio featuring a variety of projects (portfolio link required when applying).
15+ years creative design experience.
strong champion of all aspects of brand identity, including typography, iconography, illustration, visual language and messaging.
strategic visionary with demonstrated track record of successful projects and campaigns, in both marketing and product design; proven ability to execute.
innovative and systems-level design thinker, experienced in conducting pattern-level design critiques.
willing to fight for designs that make the best sense, even in the face of strong opposition.
well-informed about latest product design and digital media best practices.
expert in all aspects of an end-to-end, human-centric design process.
exceptional communicator (written and verbal), and supportive collaborator, enthusiastically managing both internal (extended team) and external (vendor/agency) relationships.
exhibits strong leadership qualities in a variety of areas: amiable team-builder, inspiring mentor, supportive manager, and trusted cross-functional partner.
analytical thinker with exceptional attention to detail, capable of presenting complex technical concepts in simple and widely-accessible terms.
embraces candid feedback, prototyping, and early failure as design accelerators.
expert in sketch, photoshop, illustrator, or similar design tools.
knowledge of and/or curiosity about the security domain, from it admin and app developer perspectives, are essential.





