Okta 119--Services-Architect-(Washington-Dc)-|-Okta.Txt


the services architect is a technical authority on both cloud and on-premise based it systems and is responsible for ensuring the okta offerings are efficient and complimentary. provide enterprise architecture support okta customers. you will develop relationships with key partners to help them achieve their business goals while promoting creative solutions. translates early business needs and insights into an actionable strategy, and assists customer in driving these initiatives to early results and high business value. this is a key member of the professional services (ps) team, working closely with ps engagement managers to design and scope functional and technical deployments of our platform, as well as working with the ps delivery team to help ensure the solution is delivered to the customer. you will apply your technical leadership to improve the value realization of the okta platform. this role will report to sr. director of professional services

review and lead the gathering of business, functional and technical requirements for establishing an identity platform powered by okta for our customers. work with customers to document the common technical and functional requirements for specific solutions.
support engagement managers by providing technical leadership, develop the requirements within the statement of work (sow), and assist in defining the evaluation criteria for these services.
support creation of project plans to develop and implement the proposed solution.
develop strategic plans for identity services, including, but not limited to, transition strategies, bundling strategies, mission/vision descriptions, and positioning strategies.
develop identity and access management (iam) technical standards for interoperability and portability across multiple vendor solutions.
work closely with the sales and professional services teams to properly package, market and sell services.
participate as a member of the professional services delivery team to translate requirements to designs and to provide technical leadership and oversight.
assist in periodic customer health-checks and project reviews.


8+ years of overall it / software development experience, solution design and technical architecture experience
5+ years of consulting experience
5+ years driving application architecture design
4+ years experience with (iam) architectures
4+ years of experience with implementing cloud computing solutions implementations including aws, google apps, salesforce etc.
demonstrated ability to work and interact with cxos and high-level customer executives.
experience in leading discovery workshop to derive customer requirements, specifications, business processes.
experience in developing functional specifications and system design specifications for customer engagements.
strong knowledge of security architecture, design and operations, ldap, active directory, saml, sso, rbac, oauth, oidc, web protocols xml, soap, json, rest
knowledge of software development security and cryptography.
knowledge of cloud/virtualization technologies, such as vmware vsphere, ec2, xen, kvm, openstack
proficiency with various open source software and development tools
proficiency in one or more of .net, ruby, java, python or perl
proficiency in git and subversion
familiarity with iam solution providers is strongly desired.
exhibits confidence and a deep understanding of emerging industry practices when solving business problems.
identifies critical issues with ease.
effectively communicates technical information to non-technical audiences.
manages customer expectations effectively.
ability to travel up to 50%


undergraduate degree in computer science or other technical specialization
togaf and/or cissp certification is a plus

