Okta 59--Senior_Group-Product-Marketing-Manager-Okta-Api-Access-Management-|-Okta.Txt


from hailing a cab to collaborating with co-workers, digital has redefined our expectations around extraordinary experiences. today, businesses have put digital transformation at the top of their corporate agenda and cloud identity has become the key enabler toward seamlessly and securely connecting people to entirely new digital experiences.
okta's api access management capability extends our core identity business by empowering developers to securely authorize access to any api; unlocking a broad spectrum of use cases that will drive okta's future growth.
we are looking for someone who can take this product to the next level of commercial success for okta. this includes formulating gtm strategies, solving for new pricing scenarios, collaborating with business development on partnerships, working with sales enablement to continue honing our sales message and effectiveness and partnering with corporate marketing to target the right buyers and influencers and promote the product.

be the voice of the customer. you will understand our customers better than anyone and develop deep understanding of target buyer personas – eg: chief digital officer, cmo, and cto.
lead the go-to-market strategy and execution across functions
develop messaging, positioning and core content that communicates the use cases and value of the product
collaborate with product management to ensure we are delivering on top priority customer needs
develop a competitive strategy and the tools and enablement necessary to ensure successful field execution of the competitive playbook
provide "in deal” support to sales team


4+ years of product management or product marketing experience for a saas, security, developer platform, or web services company or equivalent experience at a premier management consultancy.
comfort marketing to technical buyers (engineering, it).
exquisite written and verbal communication and presentation skills. ability to communicate technical concepts to audiences ranging from c-level executives to developers.
strong analytical and data skills.
project management skills. able to handle multiple priorities in a dynamic environment.
a degree in computer science, engineering or related field.
mba a plus.
experience marketing to enterprises preferred

