Okta 9--Senior-Customer-Success-Manager-(Sydney-Australia)---Apac-|-Okta.Txt


job purpose:
the senior customer success manager will be responsible for complementing okta's innovations, efficiencies and capabilities with our valued customers' business objectives and priorities thereby driving higher business value and executive alignment between okta and our customers. you will be accountable for driving customer adoption and success by providing oversight, adoption recommendations, opportunities for greater service and risk management. you will perform routine health checks and assist with business value assessment to ensure our customers, the most return on investment from okta. the success of this role means higher customer happiness, retention and expansion of okta business.
duties and responsibilities:

you will serve as the primary point of contact post implementation. you will assume overall customer adoption responsibility and act as a critical issue management role.
develop a trusted advisor relationship with customers and executive sponsors to drive product adoption and ensure they are using the solution to achieve full business value.
partner with internal okta team members to align account activities with the customer's business case and strategy. work with the sales team to properly sell and position success services.
monitor and identify adoption and utilization trends, provide recommendations based on risk and customers' needs.
conduct periodic customer health-checks. prepare and educate customers on new features and releases. identify renewal risk and collaborate with internal teams to remediate and ensure a successful renewal.
act as the voice of the customer and collect feedback to drive continuous improvement across all areas including product.


3 - 5+ years of customer success experience in saas organization
excellent knowledge and experience in identity and access management (iam) and security space
strong knowledge of cloud architecture as well as on-premise it landscape
extensive experience in consulting and implementation of it systems preferably cloud service and/or identity management.
knowledge of enterprise web technologies, security and ground breaking infrastructures
specialized training on support, saml, security preferred
experience of application programming and system support experience is preferred
willingness to be a hands-on contributor. excellent communication skills, including issue tracking,triaging and crisis management
experience in process improvement, decision making, managing processes, planning,analyzing information , developing standards, help desk, service excellence
experience of saas vendors such as box, google apps, netsuite, salesforce, servicenow and workday preferred.
available to travel up to 35%

