Okta 43--Sr.-Financial-Systems-Analyst-|-Okta.Txt


the sr. financial systems analyst will be instrumental in implementing, enhancing and maintaining the software applications that support okta's financial management processes and human resource practices. our office operations are enabled by a portfolio of saas applications that includes netsuite, anaplan, concur, coupa, revpro. these applications are being continuously modified and expanded to support the growth of okta's international operations, to conduct business with large, complex global 1000 companies, and to prepare for public company operations at some point in the future. you will play a leadership role in planning and implementing changes to back office systems that address these requirements.

the majority of our applications were originally implemented on a tactical basis to satisfy immediate business needs. as the scope and sophistication of business operations has expanded, it is becoming increasingly important to establish deeper integration among various saas applications and their associated databases. this integration is needed to streamline internal processes, reduce the risk of human error and improve the productivity of business staff members. the analyst will also be influential in a variety of saas integration initiatives.


work closely with members of the finance teams in planning and implementing changes to existing saas applications. you will be responsible for solution design and delivery – including requirements gathering, configuration changes, testing and deployment. you'll play a similar role in implementing new saas tools that complement okta's existing applications and will assist in the technical evaluation and selection of new tools.
design secure, agile business processes to support a rapidly growing company.
manage incidents for key business applications and coordinate with external vendors and key internal partners.
identify and prioritize application integration opportunities that can streamline business processes and improve productivity.
ensure that the management our back office systems adheres to all it general controls and fully supports okta's fedramp and hipaa certifications.
this systems analyst will become proficient in implementing business-driven changes across multiple applications and is not expected to become the singular in-depth authority in any one tool. this position is an excellent opportunity to diversify the exposure to back office applications.


general knowledge of back office business processes for finance is required. prior experience working in a subscription-based enterprise software company is desirable.
3+ years of systems analyst experience working with finance applications is required
personal familiarity with okta's core business applications - netsuite, anaplan, concur, coupa is desirable.
customization, scripting and review of segregation of duties is desirable.
prior experience leading back office saas applications in compliance with the regulations applied to public companies (e.g. sox) is required.
business operations experience in a finance department.
agile methodology familiarity is highly desirable.
extraordinary problem solver with the ability to cross between detailed data and high-level insights.
ability to collaborate and communicate effectively across functional departments and management hierarchies. a consistent track record of working effectively on virtual teams is required.
you will have demonstrated experience prioritizing and delivering against multiple project deadlines and goals.
ba/bs degree in a scientific or engineering discipline, or equivalent experience, is required. background in a systems implementation practice, management consulting firm, or fast-growing startup environment is a plus
ideally 5 years hands on netsuite development and integration experience on the netsuite platform.
this position is intended for a more sr. developer who can oversee all programming projects & recommending improvements on change management
heavy netsuite customization & configuration* advanced suitecloud, suitescripts, workflows and suitetalk  experience.


