Okta 33--It-Business-Systems-Analyst-|-Okta.Txt


you are a seasoned principal business systems analyst who loves to lead enterprise-scale it programs for finance at a rapidly growing company.  you are responsible for implementing, enhancing and maintaining revpro among other key finance systems. you thrive on implementing technology that brings real value to the business. you can spin multiple plates without breaking a sweat. you like to measure things and answer questions with data. you can see around corners and see the future. challenges and complexity motivate you. you are persistent. you can naturally pivot between strategic objectives and project tactics. your communication is clear; when you explain something, people get it. you consider it your personal mission to bring out the best in people. you deliver. your projects succeed and you have a reputation for unrelenting excellence. you pride yourself on exemplifying grace under pressure. although you are expected to be an in-depth expert on revpro, this position is an exceptional opportunity for those who do not want to become pigeonholed and can take on additional applications.  and you can tick all these boxes:

at least 5 years of experience in program & project management implementing it infrastructure and saas software for companies with >500 employees
3+ years of experience working with revpro is required. personal familiarity with okta's core business applications including financial force and netsuite is desirable.
knowledge in revenue recognition under asc 605 and ideally asc 606.
direct experience implementing it program governance & metrics
fluent with standard finance practices & requirements for saas software companies
fluent with software process design, functional requirement definition, and solid testing practices
fluent with agile principles and high proficiency with jira
conversant with financial compliance requirements
conversant with information security requirements

day-to-day responsibilities:

implementing, enhancing and maintaining revpro among other key finance systems
building great relationships with business partners in okta's accounting and business operations teams in planning and implementing changes to existing saas applications.
leading all aspects of a project, from project meetings & scrums to design sessions to problem resolution sessions to business uat
monitoring all project activity, internal & vendor dependencies, and problem resolution to ensure things are on time
micro-managing or escalating when people need to be held to account and running interference when people need space to get stuff done
anticipating risk, removing obstacles, and alleviating friction that impedes progress
managing system solution design and delivery including requirements gathering, configuration changes, testing and deployment.
performing technical evaluation of other saas tools that that complement okta's existing applications and will assist in the technical evaluation and selection of new tools.
designing secure, agile business processes to support a rapidly growing company
managing incidents for key business applications and coordinate with external vendors and key internal stakeholders.
identifying and prioritizing application integration opportunities among back office applications that can streamline business processes and improve the productivity of back office staff members.
ensure that the management of okta's back office systems adheres to all it general controls and fully supports okta's fedramp and hipaa certifications.


