Okta 39--Senior-Procurement-Analyst-|-Okta.Txt


position description:  okta is seeking a senior procurement analyst to help build out a team to support our key business partners and deliver company-wide support for all sourcing and procurement initiatives.    the ideal candidate should have a consistent record of success as part of a high performing team engaged in designing and implementing changes in approval workflows, vendor onboarding, strategic business partnership, contract negotiation, cost containment strategy, procurement policy enforcement and negotiation training.     this role requires a continuous improvement philosophy, demonstrated through an ongoing refinement of procurement policies/procedures, the development of strategic evaluation frameworks and education of key business partners on best practices and market trends.

executing all aspects of strategic sourcing and procurement within the organization.
reviewing and enhancing company-wide programs surrounding procurement, purchasing, contracts, negotiations and vendor selection, including vendor evaluation and rfp/rfi processes.
acting as a critical contact internally and externally for all procurement related activities.
creating, reviewing, publishing and communicating procurement policies, procedures and forms.
building end to end (i.e. ideation through execution) workflows and processes around all new vendor activities, including liaising with suppliers, fp&a, accounting, legal, security & other departments as necessary to ensure proper vetting and documentation.
evaluating, selecting and implementing any required tools and systems in support of all processes.
developing and maintaining relationships with key stakeholders and budget owners.


7+ years procurement experience at a senior/staff level of responsibility.
extensive it contract negotiating experience with subscription and cloud infrastructure providers.
comprehensive understanding of the full procurement cycle.
familiarity with procurement software (including systems like coupa and netsuite), approval workflows, purchasing policy development and contracts is required.
ability to multitask effectively and work independently in a fast paced and dynamic environment.
attention to detail, strong analytical skills, with superior written and verbal communication skills.
ability to operate as part of a small team, while creating scalable processes for the function and team.
bachelors degreed required. certifications or designations in the supply chain or purchasing fields (such as cpim, cpp or cpm) are a plus.

