Okta 8--Senior-Customer-Success-Manager-|-Okta.Txt


job purpose:     the senior customer success manager is responsible for complementing okta's innovations, standard methodologies and capabilities with our valued customers' business objectives and priorities thereby driving higher business value and executive alignment between okta and our enterprise customers. you will be responsible for driving customer adoption and success by providing oversight, adoption recommendations, opportunities for greater service and risk management. you will perform routine health checks and assist with business value assessment to ensure our customers, the most return on investment from okta. the success of this role means higher customer happiness, retention and expansion of okta business.
duties and responsibilities:

you'll be the primary point of contact post implementation. assume overall customer adoption responsibility and critical issue management role.
you develop a trusted advisor relationship with our customer partners and executive sponsors to drive product adoption and ensure they are using the solution to achieve full business value.
partner with internal okta partners to align account activities with the customer's business case and strategy.
you will prepare and educate customers on new features and releases.
monitor and identify adoption and utilization trends, provider recommendations based on risk and business needs.
conduct periodic customer health-checks. identify renewal risk and collaborate with internal teams to remediate and ensure a successful renewal.
serve as the voice of the customer and collect feedback to drive continuous improvement across all areas including product.
work with the sales team to properly sell and positions success services.


5+ years of customer success experience in saas organization.
broad knowledge and experience in identity and access management (iam)and security space
general knowledge of cloud architecture as well as on-premise it landscape
experience in consulting and implementation of it systems preferably cloud service and/or identity management.
knowledge of enterprise web technologies, security and state of the art infrastructures
specialized training on support, saml, security preferred
2+ years of application programming and system support experience is strongly preferred
agreeable and willing to be a hands-on contributor
excellent communication skills, including issue tracking, triaging and crisis management
deep understanding of process improvement, decision making, managing processes, planning, analyzing information , developing standards, help desk, and service excellence methodologies and processes.
experience of saas vendors such as box, google apps, netsuite, salesforce, servicenow and workday preferred.
available to travel up to 35%

