Okta 28--Technical-Program-Manager-(Senior_Staff)-|-Okta.Txt



as a technical program manager, you are in a leadership position within the engineering organization - to partner with engineering, product management & customer first teams to build and deliver key projects and programs. you will be the point person for clarifying strategic level goals and outlining the execution plans to achieve them. employing both a strategic focus, as well as a tactical approach is a requirement in this role.  you will not only have strong tpm experience but also engineering process development and implementation in a saas and agile environment.



structure, kick-off, and run continuous and/or time-bound programs within and beyond the engineering organization by clarifying priorities, enabling the execution of deliverables, defining program process flows, and providing continuous transparency.
project manage various initiatives within and beyond engineering, across multiple teams; taking a hands-on and proactive approach to unblock progress, introduce efficiencies, and provide workflow solutions.
scrum master one or more engineering teams; and champion the adoption of agile best practices within engineering and product management.
build and maintain alignment across multiple teams for keeping a focus on execution, continuous improvement, and operational excellence.
lead the introduction of new processes/workflows, by bringing proposed solutions to the teams and rolling them out in an iterative manner.
anticipate and mitigate risks - by having close involvement with teams' goals and challenges, applying past experience, and keeping in mind the big picture.
provide clear and crisp transparency to the status and progress of initiatives.


minimum 6 years total in project or program management experience in a software, saas, or systems development environment
minimum 3 years hands-on project management experience in a software, saas, or systems development environment – managing initiatives from start to finish
minimum 1 year hands-on scrum master experience in a software, saas, or systems development environment
hands-on experience project or program managing an initiative from start to finish
excellent verbal and written communication; skilled with communication at all levels
strong leadership skills; ability to influence without authority
strong technical aptitude/affinity; experience working hand-in-hand with software, test, and/or system engineers


bachelor's degree
training in agile or scrum master certification is ideal

