Okta 41--Senior-Revenue-Accountant-|-Okta.Txt


position description:  okta is seeking an ambitious senior revenue accountant with a positive attitude and thirst for process improvement within a fast-paced organization. this role will work closely with cross functional teams to ensure timely and accurate recording and reporting of revenue. this role will have a dual focus on (1) upstream process efficiency within the quote to cash process and (2) streamlining our revenue recognition process under multiple elements as we integrate our existing systems to further automate and scale the business and implement new tools to manage complex revenue transactions. the ideal candidate has experience with multiple element arrangements, complex revenue transactions, can think strategically on a process level, and also execute in the details. this role will be reporting to the senior manager of revenue accounting.

support operationalization of new adoption of asc 606,  revenue from contracts with customers
support operationalization of revpro revenue management system
partner with legal, sales, business operations, billing, professional services, and fp&a to drive best practices in revenue
research accounting guidance and prepare technical memos to document company's position on various revenue transactions
perform revenue month-end close activities: prepare journal entries and reconciliations
prepare support for monthly close package and internal/external quarterly audit requests
review sales arrangements to ensure proper revenue recognition in accordance with company policy and revenue recognition accounting standards.
assist in sales order quality control to ensure accuracy of order processing and to identify revenue risks
review professional services arrangements and ensure accuracy of set up in system.
partner with the professional services organization to address various inquiries/issues related to revenue recognition.
assist in design, implementation and documentation of key revenue controls
ad hoc requests as needed


bachelor degree
minimum of 3-4 years of experience, with a background in a big 4 public accounting firm preferred.
cpa preferred
knowledge and experience in application of asc 605-25
knowledge of asc 606
solid working knowledge of best practices internal controls
strong problem solving and analytical skills
strong organizational skills and detail-oriented self-starter with the ability to work independently to meet deadlines.
strong excel skills are required
experience with netsuite, salesforce cpq and revpro preferred
saas/software industry experience highly preferred

