Okta 7--Escalation-Engineer-Emea-(London-Uk)-|-Okta.Txt


job purpose:
our escalation engineers are passionate about making okta's customers wildly successful. in this role you will be an articulate and a seasoned technical guru with strong business insight and executive presence. you should be equally comfortable working with customers to solve complex technical issues as you are at handling executive-level customer communications.
duties and responsibilities:

serve as internal and external point of contact on customer escalations and ensure customer issues are resolved as expediently as possible.
triage and resolve customer support escalations from multiple inbound channels.
represent customer support while engaging with cross-functional teams to drive resolution of escalated issues.
meet or exceed customer expectations on response quality, timeliness of responses and overall customer experience.
manage technical and executive level updates.
provide technical and soft-skills mentoring to tier 2 support engineers.
participate in technical escalation on-call rotation.


ba ba/bs/ms in computer science, management information systems, or related discipline.
demonstrated enterprise technical support, system administration, professional services or related customer facing role, with experience in a senior technical role.
excellent relationship management, customer service and communication skills.
ability to remain calm, composed and articulate when dealing with diﬃcult customer situations.
passion for solving customer issues and advocating for their success, in a fast-paced, highly technical environment.
ability to quickly and accurately assess the technical aspects of a problem
ability to work independently with little direct supervision and as a part of a team.
excellent analytical and organizational abilities.

strongly desired skills:

expertise in core microsoft product stack, including windows server, windows workstation, active directory, dns, dhcp, group policies and iis.
experience supporting identity access management solutions.
experience supporting, sso, saml, or ws federation.
experience supporting cloud applications such as oﬃce 365, google apps, salesforce, workday, netsuite, box, etc.
experience supporting n-tier web applications.
experience supporting rest apis.


