Okta 58--Senior_Group-Product-Marketing-Manager-Developer-Ecosystem-|-Okta.Txt


product description:
from hailing a cab to collaborating with coworkers, modern web and mobile applications have redefined our expectations around world-class experiences.  developers building these applications are actively seeking out alternatives for directory and identity management instead of rolling their own or standing up a legacy product on premises. using okta's api products, developers can add authentication, authorization, and user management into their web or mobile apps within minutes.
we're looking for  an entrepreneurial, creative and analytical product marketer to lead the adoption of our api products by developers. you'll be responsible for driving our go-to-market strategy across product, developer relations, demand generation, pr and content marketing teams. you'll also work with okta's sales teams to help convert developers using our self-service products into enterprise sales opportunities.

customer intelligence  - conduct user research to understand developer personas and product evaluation criteria. analyze okta developer experience and customer satisfaction to drive product and messaging enhancements.
strategic planning  - work with product and go-to-market teams to align on quarterly and annual goals based on customer, competitor and market analysis. use these inputs to define development roadmap, headcount and budget.
positioning and messaging  -   connect market and technology trends with identity and security needs of developers to build compelling product positioning and relevant developer messages
product launches  - work with pr, developer relations, and demand generation teams to amplify awareness for new product features.
adoption and growth  -   partner with the developer relations and demand generation teams to improve the sign up and adoption of okta's developer products
sales enablement  -  teach okta's sales team to "speak developer,” enabling them to qualify developer leads, articulate okta's developer value proposition, and resolve technical questions using internal resources.

ba/bs degree or equivalent practical experience.
5 years of marketing technical products; saas experience preferred
ability to drive consensus and cross-departmental action
creative thinker, ready to roll your sleeves up and experiment
outstanding written and verbal communications skills, with the ability to simplify complex technical concepts
data-driven approach to decision making

preferred qualifications:

a bachelor's degree in computer science, engineering or related field
experience as an active participant in technical/developer communities, open source projects, or similar developer groups

