Okta 3--Partner-Solutions-Technical-Architect-Enterprise-Mobile-Security-(San-Francisco-Ca)-|-Okta.Txt



the okta integration network represents best of breed integrations with leading technology partners in the security ecosystem.  the ecosystem includes vendors in security analytics, mobile security, developer platforms, paas, iaas, network security and many other adjacent disciplines.
okta is looking for a partner solutions technical architect to help define technical partnerships and product integration with select isv partners in the enterprise mobile security space.  the ideal candidate should be experienced in implementing and deploying solutions in enterprise mobility management, endpoint management and device trust.  with identity management being an integral part of these solutions, this is an important role and a tremendous growth opportunity for okta to establish meaningful partnerships and joint solutions with relevant enterprise mobile solutions vendors.  the position requires strong technical and product-centric skills to interact with internal and external technical resources and to enable partner technical resources, including sales engineers, solution architects and professional services personnel.

as partner solutions technical architect, you will be the voice of okta – and expected to work effectively with internal product management, sales and marketing teams, as well as with external constituents in product management, sales engineering solution architects of our ecosystem partners.  you will also work closely with other members of the business development team to provide ongoing partner support through technical enablement and participation of partner events.

lead and define technical strategies between okta and select isv partners in the enterprise mobile security space
thought leadership and domain expertise in the areas of enterprise mobility management, endpoint management and device trust.
explore, strategize and prioritize new product integration strategies
define and drive the implementation and testing of any proof-of-concept and integration effort leveraging internal and 3 rd  party resources.
thought leadership and domain expertise in the areas of enterprise mobility management, endpoint management and device trust.
work cross-functionally with business development, product marketing, product management, sales engineering, go-to-market team and other internal organizations across okta on a regular basis


prior experience as an se, ps, technical product manager, or technical product evangelist in the enterprise mobility management, endpoint management or device trust space.
excellent analytical and communication skills to provide business and technical guidance to audiences of varying technical abilities including development leaders, executives, product managers and engineers.
technical ability to understand software and recognize areas of product integration, discuss product roadmaps, and engage with product managers
experience with modern programming languages including one or more programming skills in java, c#, ruby, python, php and javascript
eagerness to learn new technologies and share your knowledge with the community around you
adept at handling multiple projects and priorities in an extremely fast paced environment
domain knowledge of the identity management space and standards such as ldap, active directory, saml, scim, oauth, mobile application development is a plus but it's not required.
bachelors of arts or science, with computer science background.
you will need to work from one of our offices in san francisco, san jose, or bellevue, washington.


