Salesforce 170--Senior-Product-Manager-It-Service-Lifecycle-Management-Applications.Txt




the  senior product manager (senior pm)  is the "ceo” of the product and is focused on long and short-term product vision of a product line, harmonizing customers' interests with it delivery, and representing the product to the outside world. the it team is looking for an experienced senior pm who is knowledgeable and enthusiastic about leading the design, execution, and strategy for effective, scalable, end-to-end business solutions in the service management and engineering lifecycle automation spaces. the senior pm has a "seat at the table” with the business unit and is responsible for product vision, as well as the relationship with our business partners.    responsibilities
owns the delivery of a product roadmap for multiple learning apps, incorporating projects, features, and other key initiatives. effectively influences and negotiates work scope with business partners to align on strategy and objectives around time to market, effort, and scope. contributes to business partner vision at the initiative level, influencing the scope and delivery options with feedback. plans ahead to identify delivery capacity needs based on roadmap across his primary team and cross-functional dependencies and works with management to address them. guides business partners through the work intake process, highlighting milestones and artifacts and understands the value behind them. leads cross-functional initiatives across multiple teams, prioritizes work backlog, manages and communicates tradeoff decisions between budget, scope, and schedule. responsible for dependency management. review technical solutions for compliance to business process and objectives. manage to the definition of done from feature acceptance criteria and meets business value requirements. works with delivery scrum teams on product execution.
as a  senior product manager , you typically work with large and medium bu priorities, requests or projects of significant scope and complexity.  you prevent and respond to problems, influence and prioritize correctly, systematically gather information, sort through issues, seek input from others, develop accurate conclusions from findings, and make timely decisions to prioritize and adapt to change.    experience

bachelor's degree in computer science, engineering, mis, stem, it or related discipline or equivalent experience. 8+ years of relevant experience in product management or relevant experience elsewhere. 1+ years in the following roles: product management, project management, consulting. 1+ years of experience in service/case management applications, customer support, crm (especially salesforce service cloud) or other relevant domain.
able to

excel on business partnership issues and resolves them in a timely manner. communicate at both the business and technical level (written and verbal). work very comfortably with stakeholders at the department or division level. juggle multiple projects, set expectations and prioritize accordingly. research and respond to customer questions. navigate complex situations involving multiple teams.
familiar with

it as a business unit and its various functions. general software business processes (service, support, sales, renewals). it service management (itsm) and related itil standards. salesforce core product and features, especially service cloud. force.com features and capabilities. web / saas application development. agile development methodology. internet architecture and cloud computing concepts. general it (database, security, networking) concepts and basic programming concepts.
about salesforce salesforce, the customer success platform, and world's #1 crm empowers companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way.  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. together, with our whole ohana (hawaiian for "family") made up of our employees, customers, partners, and communities, we are working to improve the state of the world. *li-y








