Salesforce 61--Account-Executive-Select.Txt




job title : account executive, select  department description :   the select sales team consists of top performing professionals who come together to continue to build a world-class sales team at salesforce.  we strive to bring on top talent to continue to serve our customers and provide them with the tools to enable their success.  whether we are evangelizing our solutions and advising our clients, collaborating with one another to put team wins on the board, or giving back to the community, we strive to be the best in all aspects of our craft.  role description :  we are currently looking for a resourceful, driven, team player with a competitive spirit, and strong business acumen to help our customers in the commercial market reach new levels of customer success. if you have a curiosity for technology, a passion for making your customers successful, and the ability to articulate the roi of an enterprise solution across multiple stakeholders, than this could be the role for you.   successful account executives at salesforce have experience doing deep levels of discovery and objection handling at every level. they are engaged with their customers at every level of the sales cycle, from account planning, through the development of the deal, to the close of business, and beyond. they are trusted advisors to the c-suite and the end users.  this person won't simply focus on selling the world's #1 crm solution, they will also cross sell our entire suite of products, which includes world class solutions for: customer service, marketing, community, analytics, apps and more. our goal is to build an organization of smart, ambitious account executives, committed to our mission and focused on winning, but able to balance this with a respectful, healthy environment and lifestyle. at salesforce, integrity and reliability are as important as talent and effort. your impact : success will be measured not only by quota attainment, but also by overall contributions to the team and the salesforce ohana.
proactively identify, engage and close new business. engage with customers at every level of the sales cycle and become a trusted advisor.  successfully partner with business leaders to understand the business needs and execute on goals to foster an environment of sustainable growth and success.
basic requirements :

12 + years of quota carrying software or technology sales and account management experience
preferred requirements :

experience managing and closing complex sales-cycles previous sales methodology training crm experience strong and demonstrated written and verbal communications skills ability to work in a fast paced, team environment track record of over-achieving quota (top 10-20% of company) in past positions strong customer references 4-year ba/bs degree or equivalent practical experience
  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.    *li-r *li-y








