Salesforce 81--Technology-Compliance-Analyst---It-Sox.Txt




role: technology compliance analyst (it sox) location: san francisco, ca about salesforce:  we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, the world's most innovative company according to forbes, and one of fortune's 100 best companies to work for six years running. the growth, innovation, and aloha spirit of salesforce are driven by our incredible employees who thrive on delivering success for our customers while also finding time to give back through our 1/1/1 model, which leverages 1% of our time, equity, and product to improve communities around the world. salesforce is a team sport, and we play to win. join us! salesforce.com  has been recognized for five consecutive years as one of fortune's 100 best companies to work for and was named the world's most innovative company by forbes for the three consecutive years. position overview: salesforce.com  is looking to hire a it sox analyst to support transformation of our it sox program to encourage future growth and expansion of the business.  transformation includes a focus on maturity of the program, increased efficiency, and streamlining and standardizing of processes. we are looking for an individual who is passionate about it sox and wants to support the program as it moves into the next stage of maturity.  the individual must have it sox experience working with a publicly traded company and there is a preference for someone who has experience working on both the it and business/financial audit  processes. the resource must also be detail oriented and able to technically evaluate the maturity of our control environment.  the resource must be able to think strategically regarding the vision and direction of the company as it relates to compliance and communicate effectively with executives.  out of the box thinking and challenging the status quo are key traits for this position.   as a result of the company's on-demand application service technologies and "software-as-a-service" business model, the technology compliance (tc) team often confronts novel and challenging compliance issues.  the team's goal is to support all aspects of the company's operations while providing a superior compliance and process management experience.  the it sox analyst must be comfortable working in a very fast-paced and constantly changing environment. the tc team is looking for relevant work experience (compliance, information technology, business process), appropriate skills, and a mindset that matches that of our compliance department and its unique culture.  this resource will report to a tc manager.  role responsibilities:

support the implementation of the strategic vision (maturity, efficiency, streamlined processes) for it sox by encouraging operational processes that are aligned to the company's focus on trust. execute and support the it sox program.  perform controls testing, document results, and provide detailed updates to the tc manager, compliance management, and other internal stakeholders. coordinate work assignments with process/control owners and external auditors. proactively identify gaps or conflicts in existing processes and work to develop solutions. communicate potential control gaps to the tc manager and coordinate cross-functional team meetings to remediate and close the gaps. assist with remediation of control deficiencies identified during the audit process. assist with the education and training of process/control owners so they better understand the technology controls framework and their responsibilities. ​provide guidance to contractors and other junior members of the team as needed demonstrating leadership capabilities assess potential business changes for impact to it and compliance objectives. conduct reporting on the status of the program including appropriate reports and metrics that highlight key results of the team's deliverables and related risks to senior management. support continuous improvement and scale in the team's processes.

qualifications and experience:

undergraduate degree in accounting information systems, accounting, business administration (mis focus), computer science, or a related discipline strong understanding of control frameworks used in it sox i.e. coso, cobit and how this applies to the achievement of it sox objectives technology compliance and information security experience with 3+ years combined compliance, risk, security and technology experience with supporting security certifications like cisa, crisc, cissp, cism (big 4 / public accounting background preferred). prior experience in a technology/cloud company environment. strong written and verbal communication skills; ability to effectively communicate across all levels of the company. ability to work efficiently with minimal oversight/direction as well as part of multiple project teams. proactively works with and can influence a wide range of individuals like developers, engineers, business process owners, and executives. results-driven, solutions-oriented and comfortable in a fast-paced environment with competing priorities. analytical thinker with strong organizational skills; attention to detail is a must. flexibility in daily hours (i.e., willingness to work longer hours during peak periods in audit cycles). possess a "whatever it takes to get the job done” mentality (i.e., pick up the phone, stop by a desk, follow-up multiple times)








