Salesforce 45--Tax-Manager.Txt





position:  tax manager 						 type:  full-time 						 location: s an francisco, ca
about  salesforce.com : 			 we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, the world's most innovative company according to forbes, and one of fortune's 100 best companies to work for six years running. the growth, innovation, and aloha spirit of salesforce are driven by our incredible employees who thrive on delivering success for our customers while also finding time to give back through our 1/1/1 model, which leverages 1% of our time, equity, and product to improve communities around the world. salesforce is a team sport, and we play to win. join us!

description:

this is a newly created position reporting to vp, tax accounting and operations.  this role will be primarily responsible for the u.s tax compliance, and will have an unique opportunity to design the future state of tax compliance for salesforce tax department.  this role will work closely with the global tax provision team and may assist with financial modeling related to tax strategies.

our ideal candidate is a highly motivated individual with strong tax compliance skills, and can think "out-of-the-box” to design and transform our compliance function to scale for growth.

the job duties may include, but are not limited to, the following:




manage end-to-end u.s. federal and state tax returns preparation and filing.  this is a "hands-on” role which involves in gathering relevant data/information, managing workflows to ensure timely completion of the returns, providing assistance to the preparation of book tax differences and taxable income, ensuring accurate reporting of information on the forms, and providing explanations to return to provision true-ups, etc.

liaise with external advisors and internal teams to resolve tax compliance issues, including complex matters related to acquisitions

ensure adequate tax return support and documentation

understand and analyze tax return information.  work with tax technology manager to develop insightful analytics.  communicate observations and results to senior tax management

drive transformation of our u.s. compliance function to scale for growth.  involve in global business operations' initiative - business process innovation ("bpi”) and explore use of salesforce technology to help create our future state of tax compliance

work closely with global tax provision team.  provide support during the quarterly and annual income tax provision process.  assist with financial modeling related to tax strategies

build collaborative relationships across the organization





minimum 6 years of related tax experience in a multinational company

demonstrate solid federal and state corporate tax knowledge.  able to identify issues, analyze and interpret relevant tax laws when handling complex subject matters. experience in m&a taxation is a plus

excellent general accounting knowledge and familiar with accounting principles such as asc740, asc 718 and fin48

detailed oriented and strong analytical skills

experience in financial systems (i.e. oracle, hyperion, smartview, essbase, data warehouse, etc.) and corptax compliance and provision is highly desirable

strong written and oral communication skills, excellent interpersonal skills and a proven ability to work in a fast-paced and deadline driven environment

strong project management skills combined with interest and experience in process improvement and efficiency

results driven with high level of initiative, teamwork, urgency, accountability and integrity

bachelor degree in accounting or finance; mst/cpa preferred









