Salesforce 242--Strategic-Account-Manager---Service-Cloud--Retail.Txt




job title: strategic account manager - service cloud - retail

  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 

role description: salesforce is looking for talented, hardworking individuals with great energy, leadership, and initiative to drive awareness for the fastest growing application at salesforce, the service cloud. the account executive role focuses exclusively on the salesforce service & support and contact center application. the account executive will formulate and execute a service cloud sales strategy within an assigned region, drive revenue growth by penetrating the current customer base, and develop new customers within substantial whitespace. the ae will work in partnership with the existing account-owning account executives and rvps in the regions, and will carry quota for the service cloud product sales in their region. effective partnering with core sales account executives is critical to the role. accomplished by participating and leading client and prospect meetings or engaging other corporate resources as required, as well as participating in regional forecast calls and account planning sessions. accurately forecasting sales activity and revenue while creating satisfied and referenceable customers are key responsibilities to the account executive position. this role offers an attractive upside for earning potential with a large set of accounts in the eastern u.s.  responsibilities:
refine sales messaging, prospecting, qualifying, and closing techniques develop and execute successful service and support sales campaigns create new leads from prospecting efforts and assist others qualify leads and sales opportunities leverage business from new and established relationships engage in strategic account planning with core account executives lead discovery and roi process in key accounts clearly articulate business value to the customer evangelize the internet's radical transformation of the customer service applications market work with product management to distill key functionality and benefits into core product marketing messages

minimum 8 years of experience selling software application solutions demonstrated ability to sell large scale and complex systems to key accounts experience managing the sales cycle from business champion to the cio, ceo and cfo level bachelors degree
preferred qualifications:

experience selling contact center and customer service solution previous team management experience, although this is not a management role experience with the following customer experience technologies including chat, self service, communities, ecommerce, mobile apps, social media, text/sms and video. deep experience selling and/or working in retail industry customer experience design, reducing customer effort and driving adoption of emerging engagement channels. solid understanding of customer life cycle management, building customer journeys and integrating sales, service and marketing. mastery of team selling. responsible for leading a business development rep, sales engineer, industry experts, business value consultants, marketing and campaign teammates, executive briefing resources and competitive specialists.  looking for candidates with a strong entrepreneurial spirit, business acumen and hunter mentality.
*li-qs








