Salesforce 39--Sr.-Solution-Engineer-Ecs.Txt




 we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, the world's most innovative company according to forbes, and one of fortune's 100 best companies to work for six years running. the growth, innovation, and aloha spirit of salesforce are driven by our incredible employees who thrive on delivering success for our customers while also finding time to give back through our 1/1/1 model, which leverages 1% of our time, equity, and product to improve communities around the world. salesforce is a team sport, and we play to win. join us!   sr. solution engineer location: san francisco, ca   our team is looking for curious candidates with a passion for technology to join the solution engineering team in the enterprise commercial sales (ecs) organization.  we create new business and drive run-rate in our largest enterprise accounts and their subsidiaries. while selling value is our main focus, we compliment our engagements with discussions around process improvements and best practices to help our customers succeed. our team thrives on collaboration, mentorship and our family-esque atmosphere. here at salesforce, we call it #dreamjob!   responsibilities : so here's what a typical day (or month or year) in the life on an ecs se looks like…  ● understand customer's business needs by mapping those to our clouds and providing innovative demonstrations ● participate in the right trainings and certifications to acquire and maintain the knowledge necessary to be effective ● partner with cross-functional teams as a solutions evangelist ● partake in the rigorous mentoring/ramp up program to become a rockstar se ● respond effectively to rfis and rfps ● travel domestically, every now and then   requirements : ● a blend of strong technical knowledge with business and sales acumen ● ability to work as a part of a team to solve business and technical problems ● passion for technology and the yearn to never stop learning and advancing skills ● solid verbal, written, presentation and interpersonal experience when speaking to technical and business audiences bonus ● experience as a sales/solutions engineer or in a technical customer-facing role  ● knowledge of crm related applications, relational databases, and web technology ● experience with the salesforce platform  ● b.s. computer science, software engineering, mis, mba or related field    we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, the world's most innovative company according to forbes, and one of fortune's 100 best companies to work for six years running. the growth, innovation, and aloha spirit of salesforce are driven by our incredible employees who thrive on delivering success for our customers while also finding time to give back through our 1/1/1 model, which leverages 1% of our time, equity, and product to improve communities around the world. salesforce is a team sport, and we play to win. join us! *li-y








