Salesforce 16--Sr.-Project-Manager.Txt




position: sr. project manager  location: san francisco, ca    about salesforce:   we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, the world's most innovative company according to forbes, and one of fortune's 100 best companies to work for. the growth, innovation, and aloha spirit of salesforce are driven by our incredible employees who thrive on delivering success for our customers while also finding time to give back through our 1/1/1 model, which leverages 1% of our time, equity, and product to improve communities around the world. salesforce is a team sport, and we play to win. join us!    the ‘f&s' team (finance & strategy) is the global champion for smart growth, delivering financial, business accountability, insight to optimize decisions, and shareholder success.     the primary role of the sr. manager, shared services and operations in f&s, is to drive strategy and execution of special projects and solution design, enabling f&s to scale with our fast-growing business. you will partner with stakeholders in the finance organization to develop a deep understanding of business need, prioritize a funnel of initiatives to transform the business with technology and process change, and then to design and deliver solutions accordingly. this position will serve as a thought leader in project and process methodologies. this position will report to senior manager, solutions and operations, within the f&s organization.   responsibilities:
lead and manage multiple complex and strategic projects and programs, often partnering closely with internal systems and it organizations within salesforce, as well as third party vendors.  build trusted relationships with key business leaders within the finance and strategy organization and it. partner with the senior manager, projects and solutions, to assess the size and complexity of proposed projects, determining project resource needs for the annual project roadmap.  align with change management and technology teams to develop and build standard methodologies for project management for the finance and strategy organization.   play a key role in the facilitation of project requirements with relevant business stakeholders, using financial acumen to marry business partner preferences and guide consensus decision-making between cross-functional finance organizations. communicate scope, timeline and budgets clearly.  calculate the benefits and estimated roi for each project.  manage partnerships with third party vendors on individual projects, when applicable. thinks and acts effectively using various information sources and makes optimal business recommendations  negotiates and partners with all levels of customers, service providers and salesforce.com management executes programs to achieve objectives in assigned area of responsibility. in accordance with f&s communications and engagements standards, communicate project related materials with functional and related user groups and make presentations to functional management. drive continuous improvement of project management strategies and methodologies within the operations and shared services team.
minimum requirements:

minimum of 5 years experience in project management field. experience with the scrum framework for managing projects. bachelors degree or equivalent educated experience. finance acumen or specialization in fp&a tools/processes a plus.   track-record in process and solution engineering and optimization. ability to work in a fast paced, quickly changing environment. ability to work cross functionally and influence appropriately. strong analytical and problem-solving skills. ability to work with all levels of management. project management skills, especially project planning, risk management, and capacity planning. excellent spoken and written communication as well as receptive listening skills, with ability to present complex ideas in a clear, concise fashion to technical and non-technical audiences.  excellent team player who is able to work with virtual and global cross functional teams. excellent influencing skills and the ability to bring teams together. ability to work with deadlines and learn quickly in a fast-paced environment. demonstrates clear leadership skills and experience working with large, complex projects. experience with finance operations and salesforce functions and systems preferred. broad knowledge of business processes, business metrics, business systems, and interrelationships between organizations. lean six sigma green belt certification or higher a plus. experience in finance operations management a plus.  knowledge of global business environment. able to think independently and consider cross-functional and downstream impacts.
special skills:

project management, change management, and lean six sigma methodology.  understanding of the tenants of finance operations, planning, and analysis.   vendor and stakeholder management. any suitable combination of education, training and/or experience is acceptable.








