Salesforce 249--Principal-Software-Architect-Search.Txt




principal software architect, search  location: san francisco, ca about search at salesforce  as the most used functionality across salesforce's platform and products, search is a critical part of our success. indexing hundreds of billions of documents (yes billion with a b), fielding millions of queries a day and running on thousands of servers worldwide, salesforce search is arguably the largest enterprise search implementation in the world. about the role search at salesforce is embarking on a transformative journey to evolve our architecture to operate on elastic compute environments, containerize our deployments and judiciously extract search relevance and other intelligence functionality into multiplexed micro-services to be used across various search applications. we are seeking a fearless technologist, a compassionate leader and a passionate software engineer who has tons of experience designing, developing, debugging, and operating resilient distributed systems that run across thousands of compute nodes in multiple datacenters. you ideally have solved similar problems before and your solutions are powering the internet today - somewhere! you have experience balancing feature delivery, service ownership and retirement of technical debt. you're agile and capable of driving and delivering thin slices of end-to-end functionality on a regular cadence with data-driven feedback loops. of course, it helps if you have already lived and flourished in the innards of a large web scale search engine before. you are an information retrieval aficionado who has also led massive scale lucene/solr/elastic/in-house search engine deployments. you are ideally a thought leader on search implementation and large scale elastic deployment of complex software systems, have a penchant for machine learning and embedding algorithmic solutions in the search stack. you get excited about software performance, uptime, and high availability. finally, you have exceptional communication skills that let you thrive in working with and across product and engineering leadership as well as business executives. you are equally passionate about mentoring junior members of the team to become successful architects themselves. responsibilities:
guide evolution of our search architecture into modular, componentized microservices as applicable. guide embracing elasticity into our extensive search system built on solr. work closely with principal architects across salesforce to develop containerized deployment solution for search. help extend lucene/solr functionality to support specific customer use cases on the saleforce search platform. help devise and implement machine learnt algorithmic solutions for search ranking, query and document understanding, spell correction etc on our solr based search stack. automate, optimize and drive efficiency of effort, code, and process. lead the discussions on search architecture and large technical initiatives with other architects in the org. be the custodian of technical architecture of our solutions. be the in-house knowledge bank on search concepts, techniques, industry developments and architectures. help devise and implement machine learnt algorithmic solutions for search ranking, query and document understanding, spell correction etc on our solr based search stack. represent salesforce in technical industry conferences and symposiums on search, distributed systems and big data. drive a culture of quality, technical curiosity, continuous improvement, and evidence-based decision making in the organization. resolve complex technical issues and drive innovations that improve system availability, resilience, and performance. create, maintain and share technical documentation used by engineers and other team members. provide mentorship to other team members and partner with other smes across the organization
desired qualifications & requirements:
bs/ms/phd in computer science, software engineering, statistics, applied mathematics, economics, statistics, physics, or related quantitative fields. 10+ years of experience writing software with multiple teams of software engineers. 6+ years of experience in technically guiding teams who have expertise in search systems using solr/lucene or elastic search in a large web scale deployment. deep knowledge of inner workings of solr and lucene is highly desired, open source contributions to the lucene/solr code base is a strong plus. experience with a considerable subset of big data and distributed systems technologies like hadoop, spark, hbase, cassandra, zookeeper strongly desired. experience with container platforms such as kubernetes, docker, cloud foundry etc. impeccable attention to detail and strong ability to convert complex product requirements into elegant software solutions. strong presence at industry conferences in the areas of search, big data and distributed systems. strong interest and participation as a coach and a mentor to junior members of technical team. have strong, heartfelt opinions on consistency & reliability constructs, lambda/kappa architectures, serverless compute, design patterns and solr/lucene internals. excited by building reliable, self-healing services on unreliable hardware.
salesforce, the customer success platform and world's #1 crm, empowers hundreds of thousands of companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way.  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  *li-y








