Salesforce 70--Lead-Software-Engineer---Discovery-And-Configuration-Infrastructure.Txt




salesforce is seeking to hire a skilled software developer for our discovery and configuration team. as a member of this, you will be chartered with providing modern, large-scale, global (multi-dc), low latency, secure, discovery and configuration systems to power the next generation of services (and micro-services) at salesforce. we are tasked with designing and building systems which not only hide the complexity of salesforce's next-gen platform architecture but also scales to support hundreds of thousands of services spread across a global data center footprint.this is a key initiative in our effort to build self-managing, automated data-centers and platforms. about compute infrastructure the salesforce platform hosts web services and applications written by thousands of internal developers and tens of thousands of customers to provide the largest business automation cloud on the planet. we are building the next generation of web-scale, massively distributed core platforms and services that enable this innovation and value for the future. your impact

build highly scalable backend infrastructure services using go, python, java and container technologies like docker / rkt build large scale distributed systems spanning dozens of data centers and tens of thousands of machines. build a global, low latency service discovery system for microservices. work closely with the open-source community. the community gave to us, it's only right that you contribute back changes and enhancements.

5+ years of development experience experience with one of (java, c++, python, go) in a linux/unix data center environment. passionate about highly available distributed systems; passionate about engineering productivity, service ownership, and customer success; excited by building reliable, self-healing services on unreliable hardware; bachelor's degree in cs or any engineering discipline.

familiarity with principles of building reliable, self-healing services on unreliable hardware. familiarity with crash-only and recovery-oriented software design. experience designing, developing, debugging, and operating resilient distributed systems that run across thousands of compute nodes in multiple data centers; experience and ability in mentoring junior team members.

company overview   these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  *li-y








