Salesforce 135--Head-Of-Csg-Quip.Txt




quip's mission is to build a new class of productivity tools that every person at every company enjoys using every single day. we are looking for an experienced customer success leader who can take the customer success group and our customers into this new era of productivity. as the head of customer success at quip, you will be responsible for setting the north star for our customers, and enabling them to revolutionize their workflows, processes, and businesses by leveraging quip.



role responsibilities:

rapidly scale multiple teams, including a team of high-touch customer success managers, scale/portfolio success managers, and user operations personnel. research, define, and set holistic strategies for the customer success group to ensure that every customer can use quip to drive their business, factoring in regionality, customer segments, customer familiarity with quip, and more. implement processes and frameworks to enable scaling, goal-setting, and effective deployments, ongoing usage, and more. continually expand and redefine areas of responsibility for the customer success group as quip grows from our current state into a $100m/year business. serve as a critical liaison between sales, product, engineering, marketing and executive teams - as well as other divisions within salesforce - to ensure our customers have the best experience and serve as quip advocates. mentor and drive performance of 10+ highly-motivated individuals, scaling to 30+. leverage existing tools and infrastructure to establish, solidify, and strengthen product market feedback loops to ensure we are always building the best product for our users. provide structure, frameworks and strategy for change management and business transformation. build and nurture c-level relationships across our most critical accounts.


adept at moving quickly between low-level execution and high-level strategic thinking and organization. 15+ years of customer success experience, including experience with saas, change management, and business transformation. proficient at rapidly scaling people, processes, and results. experience managing highly motivated teams of 20+ individuals. demonstrated success at leveraging platforms and tools to create scalable infrastructure. a passion for technology and business and overwhelming empathy for a customer experiences with emerging ways to work.








