Salesforce 270--Senior-Solution-Architect.Txt




the world's highest concentration of salesforce experts is found on our salesforce services team. together, they've earned over 1,000 salesforce certifications. this unmatched expertise translates into business solutions for our clients that push the boundaries of what's possible; giving our clients a competitive advantage that drives bottom-line results.   position description: the solution architect plays a critical role within salesforce services, serving as a strategic advisor and salesforce product and platform expert to the company's largest, most complex enterprise customers.      responsibilities:
serve as a trusted advisor, drive conversations with our customer's enterprise architects and business stakeholders armed with best practices for enterprise architecture functions such as security, performance, requirements analysis and application governance. advise and mentor diverse teams, which include customer and partner resources in technical and functional delivery aspects at a program level, using influence and adaptive communication strategies in scenarios where an architect does not have direct authority over all resources. contribute to a program vision while advising and articulating program/project strategies on enabling technologies including the  force.com  platform. provide guidance on functional solution architecture & design, application and integration development best practices, enterprise architecture standards, environment management, testing, and  force.com  platform education. troubleshoot key customer implementation issues and demonstrate ability to drive to successful resolution. lead the evaluation of business and technical requirements from a senior level. review and correct project/program direction, approach and key artifacts to keep programs on track and solutions extendable and maintainable going forward. identification and pro-active management of risk areas and commitment to seeing an issue through to complete resolution. manage customer expectations and negotiate solutions to complex problems with both the customer and third-party partners.  build relationships with business partners, internal and external, and contributing to broader goals and growth beyond the scope of a single customer engagement. play the role of liaison between business stakeholders and technical experts. contribute to the growth of the services practice by identifying and leading internal strategic initiatives to grow the consulting practice, leveraging junior teammates to achieve individual as well as team growth; serving as an active contributor to the practice knowledge and resource base; mentor, educate, and enrich technical and non-technical  salesforce.com , customer and partner colleagues.
10+ years of enterprise consulting experience, including crm implementation experience with one or more common enterprise software solutions, filling positions of increasing responsibility and management of more junior resources. 5+ years experience as a functional architect, business analyst or consultant in a mid to large sized organization with demonstrated leadership driving an organizational transformation in a matrix organization. exposure to key areas of enterprise architecture, including integration technologies, single sign on, and master data management. experience with agile and waterfall implementation methodologies. ability to work independently and be a self-starter. proven results leading and overseeing customer and/or partner success stories in the following domains: front- and back-end solution architecture, development and release management strategies, change management, and direct leadership in designing solutions that meet or exceed customer needs. proven ability to analyze, design, and optimize business processes via technology and integration. guiding customers and colleagues in rationalizing and deploying emerging technologies that drive increased business value. polished speaker with the ability to evangelize best practices at various levels within a large organization. a particular desire to continually study new technologies and functionality, as well as be involved in projects that push the capabilities of existing technologies. strong communication skills, both written and verbal. able to effectively develop materials that are appropriate for the audience. strong presentation skills. able to effectively present and defend point of view to a variety of audiences. travel regularly (average of 50%), but may be higher or lower based on the client engagement.
salesforce.com  certifications  experience with enterprise integration / etl tools 3+ years of direct experience with  salesforce.com  configuration and custom development
  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  *li-y








