Salesforce 191--Solution-Engineer.Txt




senior solution engineer  what if you were empowered to solve the most complex business problems that fortune 500 companies face today? what if you had the best social and mobile cloud technology stack to achieve that goal? what if you could work for a company that believes that top line growth is as important as giving back to the community? what if you could work alongside the best and brightest in the industry to craft innovative solutions and transformational strategies? all this in a driven, collaborative and rewarding environment… sounds like fiction, you say? absolutely not! that's what you get working at salesforce. job description: we're looking for solution engineers to join our commercial segment, which includes companies across a range of industries and sizes. we work with companies in rapid growth mode and with a diverse set of issues, which means we need to operate quickly and with agility. your impact :
having fun and getting out of your comfort zone on a daily basis part of a highly motivated sales team who are fanatical about our customers' success comfortable working with clients at all levels - it is just as important to work with the front line as the ceo willing to learn how to configure our technology to build demonstrations that will show off the power of salesforce's platform facilitate outcome-focused dialogue to understand and define a customer's business requirements partner with customers to develop a vision for their future on the salesforce platform make that vision come to life by configuring and demonstrating the art of the possible on our platform

b.s. computer science, software engineering, mis or equivalent work experience previous experience as a solution/sales engineer preferably in the crm space or cloud-based platform
about salesforce:   these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 








