Salesforce 157--Release-Manager.Txt




release manager location: san francisco, ca about the challenge: as a software release manager at salesforce you are responsible for the continuous delivery of application releases supporting mission critical services used by the world's largest enterprises. you leverage product management practices to define and program management practices to lead innovative initiatives focused on customer experience, scalability, continuous delivery and team development. you use agile methodologies to plan, coordinate, and lead deployments of major product releases, weekly patches, and daily changes in a saas environment. you are a multiplier, and constantly look for ways to make other teams successful. you understand that the success and productivity of the hundreds of scrum teams you interact with is critical to enabling continuous change. you combine customer empathy and your passion for moving fast to deliver frequent, high quality releases that benefit our customers and partners and motivate our engineers. about the team: salesforce's release management team is a collaborative, fast-moving group thriving in a diverse culture of rapid delivery, [r]evolution, and innovation. our top priority is to ensure a great customer experience as we release a constant flow of change across our products and infrastructure. release managers are motivated, adventurous, bold, and invested in disrupting internal process while preserving customer trust. about the expectations: you are a bold leader who is visionary, makes data-informed decisions, takes smart risks and is effective at influencing all levels of stakeholders. you are able to communicate clearly to everyone from executives to individual contributors. you have experience working in agile environments. you love customers and partners. bonus points if you are familiar with devops best practices and/or have experience managing b2b or b2c cloud application releases. you seek opportunities to be mentored and to mentor others. you have an insatiable desire to learn, and you leverage the analytical, organizational, and interpersonal skills that you learned through your bachelor's degree in cs, business, or another interesting field to lead cross-functional teams and deliver [r]evolutionary solutions. we encourage you to be courageous and ask questions, promote new ideas, and leverage data to challenge existing assumptions.   these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  *li-y








