Salesforce 329--Associate-Software-Engineer-Infrastructure.Txt





salesforce, the world's #1 software-as-a-service company, is looking for new college graduates to deliver the next generation of its infrastructure platform. if you're up for a giant challenge as a force-multiplier, we have a place where you can make an immediate, durable impact. salesforce is building out our infrastructure team to reimagine the way we deliver, deploy, operate, secure, monitor, and repair our data centers and the code that runs across them - at consumer web scale. we are looking to for engineers who can step up and own big chunks of that vision. some attributes of successful candidates:

eat, sleep, and breathe services. familiarity with crash-only and recovery-oriented software design. excited by building reliable, self-healing services on unreliable hardware. this gig is all about designing, developing, debugging, and operating resilient distributed systems.
desired qualifications:

bs or ms in computer science or related field 1+ years of development experience experience with java, golang, python, and/or c++ in a linux/unix data center environment experience with agile development methodology and test-driven development experience using telemetry and metrics to drive operational excellence
about futureforce: salesforce's global university recruiting program is dedicated to attracting, retaining and cultivating next generation talent. our interns and new graduates work on real projects that affect how our business runs, giving them the opportunity to make a tangible impact on the future of our company. with offices all over the world, our recruits have the chance to collaborate and connect with fellow employees on a global scale. we offer job shadowing, mentorship programs, talent development courses, and much more. about salesforce:   these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 








