Salesforce 251--Business-Development-Representative.Txt





about salesforce:

seventeen years ago, we launched salesforce with a vision to reinvent crm in the cloud. and a new technology model was born. we also put aside 1% of our equity, 1% of our employee time, and 1% of our product to form the salesforce foundation. these two key decisions have fueled our incredible growth, made us the global leader in crm, defined the era of cloud computing, and inspired a new philanthropic model for all to follow. today, salesforce is powering innovation in sales, service, marketing, community, analytics, apps, and more.

thanks to our dedicated employees, partners, and the customers we serve, our industry-leading customer platform has become the world's leading enterprise cloud ecosystem. industries and companies of all sizes can connect to their customers like never before using the latest innovations in mobile, social, and cloud technology. we welcome you to the customer success platform.


we are looking for high-energy, driven professionals with sound business insight, strong technical aptitude and natural sales instincts to join our sales development organization. we are comprised of two business units; sales development and business development. if you can demonstrate your ability to be tenacious self-starter, salesforce.com offers a fast-paced, innovative environment where you will be provided the tools, resources and outstanding leadership to sell business application solutions and take your career to the next level!

business development

as a business development representative you will act as part of a regional sales team consisting of a regional vice president & 3-5 account executives hunting new business within specific territories.



respond to and qualify incoming web and phone inquiries regarding salesforce.com products

build a great first impression to our prospects and customers by providing them with a premier experience

partner with our experienced account executives to help fill their pipeline and develop your skills

maintain active engagement with new and existing leads through creative follow-up communications designed to increase customer interest in salesforce.com products

the opportunity to generate new business opportunities to fuel our growth

create and prioritize strategic target account lists within a defined territory

research and build new and existing accounts (i.e. adding contacts, sending emails, strategic calling)

conduct high level conversations with senior executives in prospect accounts

evangelize salesforce.com and the on-demand model

achieve monthly quotas of qualified opportunities and closed business

solid base salary + commission, employee stock purchase plan, 3 weeks vacation plus holidays, 6 paid days off to volunteer, medical/dental coverage, gym/yoga/wellness reimbursement & more


basic qualifications:


bachelor's degree from an accredited university

1 - 4 years of full-time corporate sales experience (software sales is a plus)


preferred qualifications:


crm experience

inside sales experience a plus

enterprise prospecting experience

excellent written/verbal skills

experience being held to metrics a plus

motivation, drive and a self-starting attitude

ability to work in a fast paced, team environment

ability to understand customer needs and meet that need with a successful product sale

ability to multi-task, take initiative, prioritize, and manage time effectively



  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” for eight consecutive years. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 


salesforce.com and salesforce.org are equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employers. you will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/cvs through this website or directly to managers. salesforce.com and salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. salesforce.com and salesforce.org will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with salesforce.com or salesforce.org.


eeo - it's the law.










