Salesforce 133--Software-Engineer-Lead-Infrastructure-Engineering-Estates-Team.Txt




job title: software engineer, lead, infrastructure engineering, estates team location: san francisco, ca salesforce.com hosts web services and applications written by thousands of internal developers and tens of thousands of customers to provide the largest business automation cloud on the planet.  the compute infrastructure that enables this innovation and value is evolving to fully embrace lights-out operations, single-click deploy to tens of thousands of nodes, and services that self-heal and self-optimize. salesforce is building out our compute infrastructure team to reinvigorate the way we deliver, deploy, operate, secure, monitor, and repair our data centers and the code that runs across them - at consumer web scale.  we are looking to add experienced distributed systems engineers who can step up and own big chunks of that vision. description :  we are seeking an experienced and hands-on senior/lead software engineer to join a world-class team of highly motivated software engineers and infrastructure experts. your charter will be to deliver high-quality infrastructure automation tools, frameworks, workflows, and validation platforms that help salesforce scale infrastructure to meet the phenomenal growth we are experiencing. as a lead software engineer, you have deep technical knowledge of web-scale infrastructure systems and will be responsible for leading and contributing to key projects in design, development, and post-release support of platforms, data frameworks, and validation tools, that are used by a variety of internal teams at salesforce.com.  you will work on complex scaling challenges as we move our customers to new infrastructures seamlessly. the ideal candidate learns quickly, works efficiently in fast-paced ambiguous environments, is team driven, solves complex problems permanently, and has an affinity for data and a bias for action.

some attributes of successful candidates

eat, sleep, and breathe services.  you have experience balancing live-site management, feature delivery, and retirement of technical debt, have strong, heartfelt opinions on cap theorem, can sketch out four different consistency models on a single napkin and defend each of them, and understand paxos, raft, and zookeeper at an implementation level. familiarity with crash-only and recovery-oriented software design. excited by building reliable, self-healing services on unreliable hardware. experience designing, developing, debugging, and operating resilient distributed systems that run across thousands of compute nodes in multiple datacenters. agilista capable of driving and delivering thin slices of end-to-end functionality on a regular cadence with data-driven feedback loops. directly influence our journey towards zero-touch, highly scalable, reliable infrastructure services. provide technical and architectural leadership in a global and diverse organization. automate, optimize and drive efficiency of effort, code, and process. design, implement and maintain the infrastructure on which the salesforce service runs. resolve complex technical issues and drive innovations that improve system availability, resilience, and performance. create, maintain and share technical documentation used by engineers and other team members. provide mentorship to other team members and partner with other smes across the organization


7+ years of development & design experience; design and implementation experience of large infrastructure projects with multiple teams experience with java and/or c++ in a linux/unix data center environment experience with golang, micro-services, jenkins for ci, git experience owning and operating multiple instances of a mission-critical service experience with agile development methodology and test-driven development experience using telemetry and metrics to drive operational excellence deep understanding of algorithms and data structures expert judgment, analytical and problem-solving skills bachelor's degree in cs or any engineering discipline excellent written and verbal communication skills with outstanding attention to details

company overview:



  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  li-y








