Salesforce 59--Global-Sales-Compensation-Strategy-Manager.Txt




title : global sales compensation strategy manager location : san francisco, ca type : full time   about salesforce  we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, the world's most innovative company according to forbes, and one of fortune's 100 best companies to work for six years running. the growth, innovation, and aloha spirit of salesforce are driven by our incredible employees who thrive on delivering success for our customers while also finding time to give back through our 1/1/1 model, which leverages 1% of our time, equity, and product to improve communities around the world. salesforce is a team sport, and we play to win. join us! the person in this role will drive worldwide incentive strategy and compensation plan design to deployment process for multiple sfdc distribution and distribution-support roles within a specific set of business groups. the ideal candidate will act as an executive business partner to leadership while collaborating with cross-functional teams to design incentive compensation plans for roles in various distribution organizations, incorporating feedback from executives and stakeholders in sales, finance, operations, and hr. the candidate will manage the entire incentive design process, from working with leaders to understand business strategic objectives to assessing the success of current incentives to proposing new incentive designs to determining, operationalizing and communicating new incentives.  the scope includes commission plans, bonus plans, temporary incentives ("spiffs”), and program management for a number of sales and "go-to-market” roles, up to and including: account executives, sales managers, executives, sales development reps, product co-primes and emerging product groups / recent acquisitions. the candidate should be familiar with how software companies go to market in order to align incentives with distinct roles (e.g. industry specialists, account managers, product overlays, etc.). the candidate should be ready to keep our executive team abreast of success and obstacles by using performance analytics to make recommendations for incentive plan fixes as needed. most importantly, the candidate must be able to build consensus with leadership around recommendations and manage projects to on-time completion.  downstream of plan creation, this role can expect that another team, compensation administration/operations, will administer and pay on the plans. however, it is critical that this role understand the systems used so that systems abilities are considered in the design phase.  salesforce.com  has already become an industry leader in speed of delivering plans to sales reps. as the company continues to grow, it will face a greater volume of plans with expanding diversity. to maintain our important tradition of speed, we will need a manager who can instill process discipline, rationalize plan diversity, and rally a team toward a pragmatic vision of incentive strategy. responsibilities
lead incentive compensation strategy globally for specific business groups business partner with senior leadership of the distribution organization to understand their business needs and translate them into incentive compensation deliverables define and lead a cross-functional process to align incentives with company's strategic and operational goals determine performance measures, weights and mechanics to drive desired behaviors by role assess the effectiveness of current incentive plans in driving the desired behaviors assess the performance of worldwide distribution resources against current goals (e.g. percent of reps achieving quota) brief executives on current sales performance and obstacles manage plan design exception requests from regional distribution leadership oversee the creation of cost of sales models to evaluate plan scenarios design temporary incentives (e.g. "spiffs”) to support short term priorities as well as manage the spiff intake process from design to communication communicate with field and relevant stakeholders on policy and program changes in a compelling and effective manner work with finance on predicting the cost of incentive compensation programs and designing the plan be closely connected with the distribution organization to understand their various needs and be an advocate for their resolution in an effective way
required skilled/experience
5-8 years in leading and delivering business solutions in a consulting, professional services or sales strategy & operations role, ideally in the enterprise software industry knowledge of typical incentive plan structures in enterprise software (quotas, accelerators, pay mix, and on-target earnings) demonstrated ability to lead cross-functional teams including executives demonstrated ability to manage change demonstrated ability to apply analytic techniques to open-ended business questions demonstrated ability to manage projects to on-time completion excellent communication skills and tactful diplomacy excellent written and presentation skills expert with microsoft excel and powerpoint bachelor's degree in an analytical discipline
mba a plus experience with global teams experience with approaches to incenting cooperative selling across complex multinational accounts project management salesforce technology, bi tools








