Salesforce 94--Software-Architect-Continuous-Integration-And-Delivery.Txt




architect/principal architect , software engineering -  continuous integration and delivery   salesforce.com  hosts web services and applications written by thousands of internal developers and tens of thousands of customers to provide the largest business automation cloud on the planet. the compute infrastructure that enables this innovation and value is evolving to fully embrace lights-out operations, single-click deploy to tens of thousands of nodes, and services that self-heal and self-optimize. salesforce is building out our compute infrastructure team to reinvigorate the way we deliver, deploy, operate, secure, monitor, and repair our data centers and the code that runs across them - at consumer web scale. we are looking to add experienced distributed systems engineers who can step up and own big chunks of that vision. our group is in the business of enhancing engineering productivity. we provide a robust continuous integration and delivery pipeline that enables salesforce engineering teams to deliver features to customers efficiently. at our core we have secure, reliable, and scalable services that take software from engineer to customer. as salesforce continues its rapid growth, we will be tackling new and exciting challenges in the areas of software build, packaging, and deployment at massive scale. our teams are responsible for creating the platform that enables our company to develop and deliver solutions to our customers at a pace they desire. our teams also prioritize time to do volunteering work and have fun so we get to work together on projects that help our communities as well. if you enjoy working on distributed systems and solving challenging scale problems in the continuous integration and delivery space, then please apply for this position. requirements:
10+ years of development experience with ideally 4+ years at architect level experience with java, go or c++ in a linux/unix data center environment experience owning and operating multiple instances of a mission critical service experience with agile development methodology and test-driven development experience using telemetry and metrics to drive operational excellence able to mentor, guide, and lead developers passionate about engineering productivity experience with mentoring junior engineers and helping them with their careers experience with driving collaboration across multiple teams to build a great customer experience experience organizing fun events for teams to help build a great environment
some attributes of successful candidates:

eat, sleep, and breathe services. you have experience balancing live-site management, feature delivery, and retirement of technical debt passionate about continuous integration and delivery and driving teams to adopt this delivery model experience with artifact repositories (docker registry, artifactory, nexus, etc.) experience with source control systems (github, perforce, etc.) have strong, heartfelt opinions on cap theorem, can sketch out four different consistency models on a single napkin and defend each of them, and understand paxos, raft, and zookeeper at an implementation level. familiarity with crash-only and recovery-oriented software design. excited by building reliable, self-healing services on unreliable hardware. experience designing, developing, debugging, and operating resilient distributed systems that run across thousands of compute nodes in multiple datacenters. agilista capable of driving and delivering thin slices of end-to-end functionality on a regular cadence with data-driven feedback loops. experience with talking to software vendors to help drive requirements into their product roadmaps
company overview:   these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  *li-y








