Salesforce 18--Platform_Back-End-Software-Engineer-(All-Levels).Txt




platform/back-end software engineer (all levels) location: us & canada (relocation candidates) in school, or graduated within the last 12 months?  please visit  futureforce  for opportunities. salesforce has immediate opportunities for extremely talented software developers who want their lines of code to have significant and measurable positive impact for users, the company's bottom line and the industry. you will be working with a group of world-class engineers to build the breakthrough features our customers will love, adopt and use while keeping our trusted platform stable and scalable. the software engineer role at salesforce encompasses architecture, design, implementation, and testing to ensure we build products right and release them with high quality.

from sales cloud to marketing cloud, platform to iot , we have many opportunities available across various applications and platforms.  submit your resume here and we will reach out to you with opportunities that fit your background and interests.

passionate about being part of our ohana? here is what we are searching for in you!


bachelor's degree in computer sciences or equivalent field, plus 3+ years of relevant experience track record of being a top performer in current and past roles deep understanding of object oriented programming and experience with at least one object oriented programming language (java, c++, c#, ruby, python) solid knowledge of database technologies such as sql, pl/sql and relational database schema design experience in automated testing including unit and functional testing using java, junit, jsunite and selenium excellent interpersonal and communication skills


bachelor's degree (or its foreign degree equivalent) in computer science, engineering, or a related technical discipline. at least (5) years of software engineering experience master of java and experience developing and tuning highly available server-side applications deep understanding of object oriented programming experience with developer tools like git, maven and eclipse ide experience with hbase, phoenix, mapreduce, pig/hive and/or other no-sql technologies soap/rest apis and general api design  experience with agile development methodology experience building highly scalable, distributed systems experience delivering and owning web scale data systems in production

 we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, the world's most innovative company according to forbes, and one of fortune's 100 best companies to work for six years running. the growth, innovation, and aloha spirit of salesforce are driven by our incredible employees who thrive on delivering success for our customers while also finding time to give back through our 1/1/1 model, which leverages 1% of our time, equity, and product to improve communities around the world. salesforce is a team sport, and we play to win. join us! *li-y








