Salesforce 31--Director-Or-Senior-Product-Manager-Activities.Txt




the sales cloud product team is looking for a director or senior product manager with a track record of driving new product capabilities from initial concept to successful delivery and market adoption.  this role will guide the future of the activities platform in salesforce's award winning sales automation product and extend our market leadership. activities are the backbone of crm.  this team owns the platform for tasks, emails, calendaring, and voice.  this role calls for a strong, proactive leader capable of autonomously driving multiple projects in parallel and interested in deciding which experiences to deliver to the user at the start of the workday. product managers who thrive in a fast paced, collaborative environment and love working with the best technology team in the world should apply. responsibilities
drive the vision for activities in salesforce.  ensure that the roadmap aligns with the overall product and company vision. be an expert on the domain, the market, and the trends. evangelize the vision constantly so all stakeholders are aligned, have context, and understand where we are going.   represent the customer. be the champion and voice of customers. build impactful, personal customer relationships. bring the customer's voice into the creation process. own requirements, specifications, and release plans. drive for the best customer experience possible. work closely with ux to develop, test, and deliver assets to engineering. work with the technology team to deliver a world-class product driven by customers, prospects, advisory teams, and internal product experts. drive the end to end feature delivery cycle. measure success. measure everything. a feature's release does not indicate success. define what success means for each feature and each function before it even goes to development. develop ways to constantly define and monitor success.  collaborate across teams. we win or lose as a team. product managers play a critical role in creating alignment between engineering teams and stakeholders. a collaborative attitude is essential to the job.  communicate clearly and efficiently. coordinate product release communications for your components. define expectations for engineering teams and hold them accountable to success and failure. work closely with product marketing managers to promote your products both internally and externally, and to ensure a cohesive message. represent salesforce.com as a domain and product expert at customer interactions, industry and corporate events, online in customer communities, and through social networking.
experience/skills required

leadership dna - proven ability to set a vision, excite, and lead a cross-functional engineering team. creative thinker who thrives on solving challenging problems with analytical thinking skills. strong technical abilities to hold your own in debates with technical architects and engineers. gathering and transforming business requirements and market needs into a successful product strategy. strong organizational, written, and oral communication skills. experience presenting to executive leadership and handling sensitive customer situations. proven ability to deliver on commitments. ability to lead and work autonomously. ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment. 3-7+ years of product management experience. bachelor's degree (technical disciplines preferred).
experience/skills desired

crm and/or salesforce automation experience a very strong plus. experience with common technologies, such as aws, elasticsearch, cassandra, s3, kafka, and storm - is a strong plus. working knowledge of salesforce products and apis is a plus. experience with agile development methodologies like scrum is a plus. mba is a plus.








