Salesforce 168--Lead-Solution-Engineer--Quip.Txt




lead solution engineer
at quip, you will be the technical pre-sales expert that drives business by building strong relationships with customers and other quip team members. your primary role is to know the product inside and out, as well as to articulate the value of the solution in both a business and technically savvy manner.     we're looking for a creative professional who can both take and give direction. he or she will work closely with our account executives, sales leadership team, and work strongly in cross-department team setting, including working closely with salesforce core sales engineers.     if you have an innate curiosity, can communicate effectively with both engineers and c-level executives, can deliver a compelling presentation through strong story telling, and can guide a customer on a journey to achieve desired outcomes through usage of quip's software, we want to talk to you!   your impact - responsibilities:

hone your knowledge through curious exploration of functional and technical aspects of quip, and how it works with salesforce. gain and maintain technical subject matter expertise for quip, including architecture, security, compliance, and roadmap. represent quip and salesforce in customer and internal meetings pertaining to demonstrations, information gathering, and explanation of technical and business value. identify desired outcomes for a customer through consultative discovery and discussion, and create a strategy to guide the customer to success. own technical account plan for strategic land and expand opportunities.  this may include some post-sale work. interface with customer success, product management, engineering, and other departments to provide critical customer feedback and advocate for needed enhancements on behalf of customers. travel up to 30%, and able to fluidly manage virtual meetings.

minimum of 5 years of experience selling or implementing saas software. experience leading deep discovery sessions to identify both technical requirements and desired outcomes.  detailed technical account planning experience. able to manage multiple accounts concurrently with various sales team members. ability to be coachable and willing to learn new skills. self-motivated, hardworking and proactive. ability to work on field-developed projects for clients that can also be submitted to product management for possible inclusion in product.
preferred qualifications:

development experience.  a strong technical acumen.
  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.   *li-y










