Salesforce 82--Project-Coach.Txt




role:  project coach location:  san francisco, ca  about salesforce:

  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 

about the role:  global business operations (gbo) is hyper focus on driving scale without sacrificing trust or innovation.

gbo is looking to hire a project coach/ director-sr director level to drive strategy and execution of business process innovation projects.   your job is to coach project leads across gbo, assisting in driving methodology adherence, tools application, project planning and support.  you will use your strategic and critical thinking skills to support our bpi teams.  this role requires you to interact regularly with all levels of teams globally, be an advocate of the methodology and be highly proficient on six sigma tool kit by way of usage and instruction.


act as project coach drive a rolling project prioritization backlog partner closely across the organization to develop and deploy in-house methodology for project management and process changes for the finance and operations organization.  lead and potentially manage multiple complex and strategic projects and programs. coach project leads and process professionals in providing best in class project execution. build trusted relationships with key business leaders salesforce-wide. communicate scope, timeline and budgets clearly. calculate the benefits and estimated roi for each project, prioritizing and communicating accordingly. develop engagement strategy for the use of third party vendors in project methodology. negotiate and partner with all levels of customers, service providers and salesforce management. communicate with functional and related user groups and present to functional management. partner closely with systems and it organizations within salesforce to maintain alignment on roles and responsibilities/ expectations for optimal project execution. drive continuous improvement of strategy and methodology for both project management and operational scalability. this should include developing strategies for digital transformation and the rules of engagement for robotics, ai, shared services, and automation. program manage global involvement in the business process innovation program, including the creation of best in class resources and support models that can be leveraged to the rest of the cfo organization.

minimum requirements:

minimum of 5 years experience in project management field. experience with the scrum framework for managing projects.  bachelors degree or equivalent educated experience. 3+ years of management experience in a corporate setting. ability to inspire and coach team members for career development. track-record in process re-engineering and optimization. ability to work in a fast paced, quickly changing environment. ability to work cross functionally and influence appropriately. strong analytical and problem solving skills. ability to work with all levels of management. project management skills, especially project planning, risk management, and capacity planning. excellent spoken and written communication as well as receptive listening skills, with ability to present complex ideas in a clear, concise fashion to technical and non-technical audiences. excellent team player who is able to work with virtual and global cross functional teams. excellent influencing skills and the ability to bring teams together. ability to work with deadlines and learn quickly in a fast paced environment. demonstrates clear leadership skills and experience working with large, complex projects. experience with finance and salesforce functions and systems preferred. broad knowledge of business processes, business metrics, business systems, and interrelationships between organizations. lean six sigma black belt certification or higher a plus. prosci change management experience a plus. experience in finance operations management a plus. knowledge of global business environment. able to think independently and consider cross-functional and downstream impacts.

special skills:

project management, change management, and lean six sigma methodology. knowledge of salesforce product and domain. vendor and stakeholder management. any suitable combination of education, training and/or experience is acceptable.








