Salesforce 260--Account-Executive-Commercial-Heroku.Txt




job title:  account executive, commercial– heroku   job location:  san francisco   department description: heroku, along with its parent company  salesforce.com , has transformed cloud computing with a revolutionary portfolio of platform technologies. and now we've got our sights set on the next generation of amazing apps. recognized as the world's 4th fastest growing company according to fortune magazine, our platform technologies have revolutionized how companies build, deploy, scale and manage modern applications.   role description: heroku is looking for technology sales professionals with a proven track record of exceeding quota in technology & platform sales.  the heroku account executive role focuses exclusively on the cloud application platform, heroku.  the heroku account executive will formulate and execute a sales strategy within an assigned region, drive revenue growth by penetrating the current customer base, and develop new customers in the region. they will work in partnership with the existing account-owning salesforce account executives and platform account executives along with sales leadership in the regions, and will carry quota for the heroku platform product sales in their region. effective partnering with salesforce account executives and platform account executives will be critical to the role.  this is accomplished by participating and leading client and prospect meetings or engaging other corporate resources as required, as well as participating in regional forecast calls and account planning sessions.  accurately forecasting sales activity and revenue while creating satisfied and reference-able customers are key responsibilities within the heroku account executive position.   responsibilities:
to refine sales messaging, prospecting, qualifying, and closing techniques to develop and execute successful heroku platform sales campaigns to personally create new leads from strategic prospecting efforts to thoroughly qualify leads & sales opportunities to leverage business from new & established relationships

minimum 3-5 years of experience selling software technology solutions technical aptitude with the ability to understand architecture, framework and languages track record of being a top performer appetite for success and willing to work on a team to reach goals

background in technology and platform solutions such as application development, database, business intelligence, and/or integration demonstrated ability to sell large scale and complex systems to key accounts strong knowledge of the competitive products, solutions and sales tactics strong written, verbal, and presentation skills creative with strong problem solving skills and the ability to succeed in a fast paced environment proven ability to work well as part of an extended sales team experience in enterprise architecture, solution architecture, and application development
  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.     *li-qs








