Salesforce 174--Senior_Lead_Principal-Software-Engineer---Core-Service-Protection .Txt




software engineer - core service protection  about the team: our database and storage cloud has breached 6 billion transactions a day and growing at an exponential rate! due to this rapid growth evolving our core database infrastructure has never been more important. be a part of the first-rate team that's building our next generation database infrastructure for speed, scale, and high availability. if you're fired up about: cutting-edge compute and storage, automating everything, and working with great engineers, this is the team for you! about the role: if you are excited by the opportunity to work with a world-class technical team to deliver a high traffic, highly available, high-performance system that services hundreds of millions of requests per day for millions of users, then we want to talk to you.   the service protection team at salesforce.com is seeking talented and experienced software engineers to focus on system resiliency and high availability of our multi-tenant, on-demand cloud computing system. ideal candidates have experience solving real-world availability and scalability challenges, and proven ability to design, develop, and optimize the critical subsystems of a large-scale hosted service. responsibilities:

design and implement major pieces of the  salesforce.com  core infrastructure, delivering high quality, production ready code formulate, implement, and evaluate techniques to support service stability, scalability, and availability work closely with quality engineering and technical operations to test and deploy infrastructural enhancements work across the engineering organization to resolve complex technical issues and drive innovation that improves system availability, resiliency, and performance

some attributes of successful candidates:

eat, sleep, and breathe services.  you have experience balancing live-site management, feature delivery, and retirement of technical debt, have strong, heartfelt opinions on cap theorem, can sketch out four different consistency models on a single napkin and defend each of them, and understand paxos, raft, and zookeeper at an implementation level. familiarity with crash-only and recovery-oriented software design. excited by building reliable, self-healing services on unreliable hardware. experience designing, developing, debugging, and operating resilient distributed systems that run across thousands of compute nodes in multiple data centers. you haven't just used, but have built and operated the distributed platforms that define cloud-scale infrastructure.
basic qualifications

6+ years of professional development experience  experience with java and/or c++ in a linux/unix data center environment experience owning and operating multiple instances of a mission critical service experience with agile development methodology and test-driven development experience using telemetry and metrics to drive operational excellence experience with systems development, asynchronous programming strong analytical skills, understanding of data science fundamentals. experience with agile software development, and short release cycle ability to analyze complex systems and failure modes and build technical strategies for improvements based on those findings data-driven approach to problem-solving
preferred qualifications:

machine learning experience
about salesforce:   these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.     *li-y








