Salesforce 193--Manager-Corporate-Customer-Engagement-&-Marketing.Txt




if you're a self-starter with a passion for innovative technology and customer success, including killer closing skills – we're looking for you! the customer engagement & marketing team is looking for a superstar marketer to support our corporate customer marketing programs. this individual will be responsible for managing our customer pipeline, researching customer accounts, understanding customer use cases, and aligning cross-functional product marketing managers to create the most relevant, impactful, and inspirational content.

the ideal candidate has strong interpersonal relationships-building  skills, creativity, and a can-do-attitude. the role requires a strategic thinker with the ability to sell customers the benefits to engage in joint marketing engagements.

responsibilities will include developing and managing customer presentations and working with customers to secure commitment to participate in ongoing marketing activities (i.e. events, speaking engagements, etc.).

role and responsibilities

research top customer accounts by aligning with product, industry and sales teams build a strong pipeline of customer leads to fuel our customer marketing programs create customer presentations for joint-marketing opportunities develop qualifying customer stories/references to leverage in various marketing materials support company events by delivering customers to showcase top customer success stories own flawless execution, track and measure customer success, and report weekly metrics be an effective business partner and provide consistent and clear communication build and maintain strong relationships with a diverse set of internal and partner constituencies, including creative, legal, finance, support, sales and marketing experts

required skills / experience

experience in developing innovative and compelling presentations experience in launching new and innovative ideas with experience with customer engagement; and/or agency experience ability to work collaboratively across multiple business functions   3-5 years of experience in sales and marketing. strong creative and relationship-building skills passion for software-as-a-service, platform-as-a-service and disruptive thinking excellent written, powerpoint, and apple keynote skills self-motivated individual capable of working in a face-paced, startup environment

 we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, the world's most innovative company according to forbes, and one of fortune's 100 best companies to work for, for six years running! the growth, innovation, and spirit of salesforce are driven by our incredible employees who thrive on delivering success for our customers while also finding time to give back through our 1/1/1 model, which leverages 1% of our time, equity, and product to improve communities around the world. join us!
salesforce.com is an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/cvs through this web site or directly to managers. salesforce.com does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. salesforce.com will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with salesforce.com.

eeo - it's the law .

salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the san francisco fair chance ordinance.








