Salesforce 297--Success-Engineer.Txt




the signature support engineer is a customer-focused expert and is responsible for executing and delivering on salesforce's signature support program offering to our most strategic named accounts. the team provides the highest level of support, availability, and expertise to some of our largest and most strategic accounts. this responsibility includes developing a strong partnership across worldwide support, r&d, and our support operations team. as a member of signature support team, the signature support engineer is technically competent, business oriented and highly customer centric. our signature support team, is based on two key skillsets, primary and technical. the primary support engineer will be focused on building relationships, customer advocate, and drive roi for the service offering. the technical support engineer role, requires deep technical knowledge, great troubleshooting skills, and welcomes challenging problem solving scenarios. we are currently  hiring for both roles,  so if you possess  great customer service skills and/or  deep technical expertise   we should chat! your impact - responsibilities:
own the complete end-to-end customer experience manage highly visible, global and strategic, specific enterprise accounts and ensure highest levels of customer satisfaction with signature support attend, prepare and deliver quarterly success reviews with strategic customer stakeholders for your assigned accounts complete with kpis and 90-day plans. serve as a trusted advisor, drive conversations with our customer's business stakeholders armed with best practices for enterprise architecture functions such as security, performance, development process, release management and application governance. oversee and manage the resolution of critical technical issues, ensuring prompt and complete resolution to technical challenges and business issues. understand and document how the customer leverages our technology and ensures the larger signature support technical team has the knowledge of the account to facilitate faster case resolution. provide proactive support, including but not limited to; preparing/presenting trending graphs/reports, leverage the signature support technical team for deeper analysis, collaborate with the customer's account team to gain a deeper understanding of their technology roadmap, provide recommendations, and best practices to minimize potential service disruptions. advocate for signature support customer's priorities internally within salesforce. liaise and work closely with the salesforce r&d and infrastructure teams on escalated technical issues and product roadmap changes/new features. participation in signature support project work, including but not limited to; envisioning and sourcing new monitoring and/or reporting tools, creating or improving existing processes/procedures, as well as developing/providing additional "white glove" support practices associated to incident prediction and prevention capabilities. serve as a subject matter expert (sme) exhibiting the highest level of expertise in providing salesforce support. the sme may be asked to review, improve, and approve technical work; to guide others; and to mentor or teach. raise team's' technical skillset. create knowledge base materials dedicated towards operational efficiency while also empowering and enabling the greater support community. share best practices with team members to enhance the quality and efficiency of customer support. ability to orchestrate all salesforce teams efforts and ensure we are single point of contact for all post sales support activities.

bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent experience current admin salesforce certification crm domain knowledge previous experience with salesforce crm and its technologies 6+ years of prior experience in technical support/services related role and/or 3+ years in technical account management demonstrated analysis, problem solving and skills troubleshooting expertise ability to effectively prioritize and escalate customer issues as required comfortable interacting with all levels of customer and salesforce management ability to multi-task and perform effectively under pressure understanding of internet technologies: firewalls, web servers, web proxy servers, etc.
preferred qualifications:

possess multiple salesforce certifications, such as, advanced admin, app builder, platform developer familiarity of integration technologies: computer telephony integration, data cleanse/de-duplication; data replication, transactional data to and from salesforce objects. familiarity of database concepts and data management (rdbms) and sql familiarity of object-oriented design and core programming concepts familiarity of xml, preferably experience using server-to-server web services (soap) familiarity of both the front-end web tier (javascript, ajax, html, dhtml, css, and cross-browser development) and back end (java,.net,sql) software development
about salesforce:   these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 








