Salesforce 359--Manager-State-And-Local-Government-Affairs.Txt




manager, state & local government affairs

location:  san francisco, ca

basic function:  to oversee policy and political strategy with government officials at the state and local level in their regions.

description:  we are seeking a public policy professional located in san francisco as part of our global government affairs team. the manager of state & local government affairs would work directly with the director for state & local government affairs to represent salesforce to legislators, trade associations, and advocacy groups in key states and local municipalities located in the u.s. western region.

duties/responsibilities:

manage state and local government policy issues in key cities and states focusing on the western united states. establish and maintain contacts with legislators and other key stakeholders where we have a presence. identify policy issues that impact salesforce and create a strategy to maintain and/or improve potential outcomes. work with trade associations, advocacy groups, and industry coalitions to represent our positions. work with cross-functional corporate teams across legal, sales, pr/marketing, and technology to gather data and help develop policy positions that support our reputation and business model. provide support for corporate projects, including high-level executive relationships.


strong experience and relationships with western state and local government agencies, technology firms and other relevant organizations; minimum 5 years experience in government/political campaigns; thrives on building and maintaining strategic relationships, multi-tasking and leading internal and external cross-functional teams to develop clear objectives and consistently deliver measurable results; self-starter, ability to work in a fast-paced environment; experience successfully working for or with multi-national companies; a healthy curiosity and willingness to learn about computing technologies, and a strong desire to learn the many facets of the cloud computing industry; strong writing skills and the ability to effectively communicate orally and in writing; integrity and compliance with high ethical standards; ability to travel 25% of time within the united states; experience with state and local lobbying and campaign finance rules is preferred. relationships in western region is a plus.


ability to work independently, take initiatives and be results-oriented ability to conceptualize new approaches to public policy an outgoing, open personality service-minded, reliable, rigorous









