Salesforce 25--Lead-Software-Developer.Txt




software developer - network infrastructure, edge services salesforce  hosts web services and applications written by thousands of internal developers and tens of thousands of customers to provide the largest business automation cloud on the planet. the compute infrastructure that enables this innovation is rapidly evolving, and so is the network infrastructure that goes along with it. our network infrastructure needs to be scalable and secure, keeping pace with evolving needs of data centers offering application scalability, security, and mobility in a flexible and autonomous way. including services that sit at the edge of our production data centers and provide monitoring and -balancing to reduce end-user latencies while maintaining enterprise-grade security for everything that enters or leaves our data centers. some attributes of successful candidates
passion for designing, developing, debugging, and operating resilient distributed systems and services that run across hundreds/thousands of nodes in multiple data centers. interest in capturing logs and metrics at scale and make data-driven technical decisions, with a particular focus on improving end-user experience. agilista capable of driving and delivering thin slices of end-to-end functionality on a regular cadence with data-driven feedback loops. experience with different customer deployments having isolated failures and analyzed the root cause of issues in significant deployments. good breadth of experience in designing networking systems and services. have data-driven opinions on how the network software needs to be deployed and configured. a desire to break away from building traditional networking boxes and focus on agility, simplicity, and scalability. experience with osi layers, tls/ssl terminations, -balancers, dos/ddos detection, and avoidance techniques.
requirements in at least some of the following areas:
2+ years of service development/operational experience experience designing services with high-availability, reliability, and scalability in mind strong problem solving/troubleshooting skills using metrics & logs from varying sources understanding of linux internals, tcp/ip, dns, -balancing, web-caching, tls/ssl experience with analysis of large volume of data to make performance improvements experience with programming in golang, c, c++ or python passion for developing tools for debugging and analysis
about salesforce   these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  *li-y








