Salesforce 83--Senior-_-Lead-Data-Engineer-Ml-_-Deep-Learning.Txt




senior/ lead data engineer - deep learning / machine learning / einstein

roles available in palo alto and san francisco


salesforce is looking for both senior and lead data / dl/ ml engineers with java, python, scala and/or spark experience, to help us take on one of the world's most extensive data sets and transform it into amazing products that feel like magic. you will work on cutting-edge ai applications and products. brainstorming data product ideas with data scientists and engineers to build data products used by hundreds of millions people every day.

a typical day for you might include the following:

developing data infrastructure that ingest and transforms data from different sources and customers at scale. creating machine/deep learning infrastructure that generalizes across hundreds of thousands of salesforce customers, but is expressive enough to generate high lift. partner end-to-end with product managers and data scientists to understand customer requirements and design prototypes and bring ideas to production working with internal product teams to ingest their data and sprinkle machine/deep learning fairy dust on their products. participating in meal conversations with your team members about really important topics, such as: should the cuteness of panda bears be a factor in their survivability? is love a decision tree or a regression model? how far ahead would society be today if we had 12 fingers instead of 10?

what we care about:

we develop real products. you need to be an expert in coding. we use scala and functional programming principles, great if you do too or are willing to learn. we have massive scale. you need to have experience in distributed, scalable systems. consistency / availability tradeoffs are made here. you've tinkered with modern data storage, messaging, and processing tools (kafka, spark, hadoop, cassandra, etc.) we're a growing, diverse team and we work together on projects. we love to collaborate and help each other, and we want someone to share that ideology. you have to be a very quick learner - we face new challenges every day, anything that ranges between the operating model of a financial services companies, conversation model for chatbots,  tinkering with convolutional and recurrent networks, to how to make spark work with the s3 file system. no school could prepare you for all of these, so you need to be very quick on your feet. ​self-starter who can see the big picture, and prioritize their work to make the largest impact on the business' and customer's vision and requirements ​professional industry experience is preferred; especially with scala and/or spark. advanced degrees alone do not replace real world experience.

preferred skills:

we run on aws. we dockerize applications. you should have some notion of how to build, test, and deploy code to run on cloud infrastructure. experience with open source tools for information retrieval (e.g. solr) search, data scoring/ ranking expertise data visualization experience with deep learning for nlp

  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 








