Salesforce 5--Manager-Recruiting-Coordinators.Txt




role: manager, recruiting coordinators location: san francisco, ca about salesforce:

  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  department description:  employee success is made up of hr professionals, recruiters, operations, and coordinators that come together to continue to build out salesforce.  in employee success, we strive to bring on top talent and continue to build out our organization with the aloha style treatment.  whether we are recruiting the next great candidate, refining our operations, we strive to provide the royal treatment and continue to build a great organization.

description:

in the recruiting coordinator manager role, you will assist in taking the worldwide recruitment team to the next level by leading our centralized recruiting coordinator function. if you enjoy mentoring others, establishing and executing best practices and thrive in a growing, fast-paced environment that will challenge you, consider this opportunity to make an immediate impact. this role provides a unique opportunity to contribute new ideas and see them implemented and to help streamline the recruitment process and enhance the candidate experience.

the recruiting coordinator manager will directly manage three associate recruiting coordinator managers, and assist with managing the entire amer recruiting coordinator team.  this role will drive the development and implementation of recruiting best practices, train new recruiting coordinator hires, and provide metrics and analysis on productivity. this role will require partnering closely with recruiting managers and recruiters to ensure they are receiving outstanding support from the coordination team and delivering a high-quality candidate experience.  additionally, this role is key in designing and implementing innovative recruiting processes, and managing these projects while partnering cross functionally.



act as a key partner to recruiting leadership and partners across the business to design and implement highly efficient and scalable recruiting processes

ensure coordinators are providing flawless support to recruiters; give timely feedback and troubleshoot issues

lead on-boarding and training of coordinators in amer as well as supporting global alignment

monitor and report performance against slas and client group standards

maintain data reports and performance metrics

support and encourage the career development of recruiting coordinators

manage multiple tasks and changing priorities in a fast paced environment




3-5 years of experience within a recruiting organization

experience managing a team

ability to lead, mentor, and support the recruiting coordinator team

strong time management, communication and organizational skills

a team player with excellent client management skills

proficiency in google apps, excel, salesforce, powerpoint and workday




bs/ba degree

knowledge of recruiting processes and demand

proven track record in designing and implementing process improvements









