Salesforce 164--Summer-2018-Intern-Data-Visualization-Engineer-(Infrastructure-Data-Science).Txt




as the infrastructure data science team continues to grow, the ability to communicate effective visual insights is in high demand. the team is looking for a data visualization engineer who are passionate about delivering high quality user experience, who can combine design thinking, engineering, and business acumen to create compelling visual data stories to stakeholders that showcase how salesforce customers are leveraging the world's #1 crm application.

as a data visualization engineer, you'll be responsible for designing and developing effective dashboards/tools leveraging critical data sets that drive infrastructure planning and strategy. working closely with various functional groups, you'll lead data discovery, exploration, and preparation of data for regular consumption by end users.


work with data scientists to help them communicate their approaches, methods, and techniques to internal stakeholders by helping create static reports, dashboards, and web apps. leverage state-of-the-art tools and technologies to convert large datasets into creative and impactful data visualizations to support operational decision-making lead re-engineering efforts for existing applications to align them with new standards and guidelines. endorse open source tools & techniques in development, management and release process. utilize in house software effectively. educate the team on data communication and visualization best practices to help scale the team.


bs or ms  degree in computer science, engineering, statistics, mathematics, or equivalent/related degree. solid ui and ux skills, with experience building web interfaces for displaying interactive visual insights. experience with cutting-edge javascript libraries and frameworks including d3 and react. commanding grasp of html, css, and related web technologies. experience with relational databases and query languages. expert in the visual representation of complex information for driving business impact.

preferred qualifications

exposure to big data technologies (hadoop, spark, etc.) experience with data science/machine learning techniques a passion for data visualization and a keen design sense. you have a portfolio of work you're excited to share but probably never completely satisfied with

about futureforce university recruiting salesforce's global university recruiting program is dedicated to attracting, retaining and cultivating next generation talent. our interns and new graduates work on real projects that affect how our business runs, giving them the opportunity to make a tangible impact on the future of our company. with offices all over the world, our recruits have the chance to collaborate and connect with fellow employees on a global scale. we offer job shadowing, mentorship programs, talent development courses, and much more. about salesforce   these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 








