Salesforce 254--Senior-Product-Manager-Search.Txt




we're looking for an exceptional product leader to join the salesforce search team and help revolutionize the way people use enterprise search. search is critical at salesforce; it's the #1 most-used feature.  we help salesforce users discover or retrieve the information they need in order to get the job done, over 100 million times a day.  search at salesforce is only getting more important as the company's product portfolio and index grow. and with advances in artificial intelligence and machine learning, the work we're doing is getting even more exciting and impactful.  exciting times! responsibilities:
drive the success of our salesforce search product leverage market analysis, competitive understanding, and customer research (both your own and others) to define the roadmap for search experience and bring the best of consumer web social and collaboration technology to the enterprise translate product strategy into detailed requirements and then work with designers and developers to get it built, get it launched, and make our customers successful bring a detailed eye for user experience and design to ensure features drive high adoption and customer enthusiasm facilitate communication throughout the development process between a variety of internal teams as well as customer facing teams, ensuring that products satisfy customers' needs and are highly adopted serve as a product evangelist with marketing, sales, and the go-to-market organization to help them understand the vision, roadmap and best practices

2+ years of experience in product management 2+ years of experience working with search at a company that does it really well degree in computer science or closely related field experience researching and analyzing user needs excellent organizational skills, analytic capabilities, and attention to detail. proven ability to influence cross-functional teams without formal authority. strong communication skills. strong user experience/design sense
note: this role could be titled either higher or lower than senior product manager depending on the experience of the candidate. salesforce.com and salesforce.org are equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employers. qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/cvs through this web site or directly to managers. salesforce.com and salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. salesforce.com and salesforce.org will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with salesforce.com or salesforce.org. *li-y








