Salesforce 343--Enterprise-Account-Executive-Higher-Education.Txt




higher education account executive, named accounts
everyone who wants to change the world should have the tools and technology to do so. technology is the most powerful equalizer of our time, providing access to data, knowledge, and--above all-- connections . salesforce.org gets our technology in the hands of nonprofits and educators so they can connect with others and do more good. as a social enterprise, the more missions our technology supports, the more we invest back into technology and communities, creating an endless circle of good. we're here to help; visit us at  salesforce.org . the account executive is the "quarterback" of the customer relationship, and we are looking for superstars to grow our team.  we are seeking an experienced, quota carrying sales performer who is looking to focus their skills to drive the effective use of technology for social benefit.  the account executive is responsible for energetically championing salesforce's solutions to named higher education institutions. additionally, this role is responsible for acquisition of new customers within the assigned territory.  if you have a passion for technology and an interest in how it can facilitate positive social change, combined with large organization/enterprise technology sales experience, we want to talk with you. responsibilities:

development of a strategic sales plan to effectively and efficiently cover the accounts within the assigned territory. manage lead qualification and conversion from interested higher education prospects. aggressively prospect and generate new relationships within the assigned higher education accounts. consulting with and advising large, strategic salesforce customers resulting in increased adoption, success and enterprise wide deployments.  some travel, as required, to prospects, customers or marketing events (<40% travel).

8+ years experience in software sales. 5+ years experience in higher education. track record of success in crm or related business application sales detailed knowledge of and passion for saas applications (hands on experience with salesforce and appexchange offerings preferred). strong technical background. strong interpersonal and presentation skills. exceptional verbal and written communication skills. extensive experience with web based conferencing tools such as go-to-meeting, webex, etc. ability to work in a fast paced, team environment. a passion for higher education work. bachelors degree highly preferred.
please submit your resume in word or pdf only.  *li-r *li-y








