Salesforce 351--Senior-Product-Manager-Service-Cloud-It.Txt




role:  the senior product manager (senior pm), is the "ceo” of the product and is focused on long and short-term product vision of a product line. the pm is focused on the vision of the product, harmonizing customers' interests with it delivery, and representing the product to our internal salesforce business partners.   the it service cloud applications team is looking for an experienced product manager to lead the design, execution, and strategy for effective, scalable, end-to-end business solutions (primarily with a focus on salesforce service cloud) in the areas of customer success.   responsibilities:  the senior pm has a "seat at the table” with our customer success business unit and is responsible for the relationship with our post-sales business partners. the senior pm is responsible for the market, business case, and delivery analysis. the senior pm prioritizes the backlog and translates requirements into user stories, writes (story level) acceptance criteria and business value scoring and success metrics.   other key responsibilities :
owns the delivery of a product roadmap for multiple applications, incorporating projects, features, and other key initiatives effectively influences and negotiates work scope with business partners to align on strategy and objectives around time to market, effort, and scope contributes to business partner vision at the initiative level, influencing scope and delivery options with feedback guides business partners through the work intake process, highlighting milestones and artifacts and understands the value of them leads cross-functional initiatives across multiple teams review technical solutions for compliance with business process and objectives works with delivery scrum teams on product execution
experience:

bachelor's degree in computer science, engineering, mis, stem, it or related discipline or equivalent experience 8+ years of relevant experience in product management or relevant experience experience leading multiple products, multi-team delivery, representing multiple customer functions, divisions, and technology suites experience with post-sales business processes preferred (e.g. customer support, renewals, customer success management, professional services, etc.) salesforce service cloud experience preferred
able to:

operate as trusted advisor with our business partner and resolve concerns in a timely manner communicate at both the business and technical level (written and verbal) work very comfortably with stakeholders at the department level juggle multiple projects, set expectations and prioritize accordingly research and respond to customer questions
familiar with:

general business processes (sales, marketing, service, support, etc.) salesforce product and platform capabilities internet architecture and cloud computing concepts general it (database, security, networking) concepts and basic programming concepts
about salesforce salesforce, the customer success platform, and world's #1 crm, empowers companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way.  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. together, with our whole ohana (hawaiian for "family") made up of our employees, customers, partners, and communities, we are working to improve the state of the world.   *fy-i








