Salesforce 97--Solution-Engineer.Txt




solution engineer what if you were empowered to solve the most complex business problems that fortune 500 companies face today? what if you had the best social and mobile cloud technology stack to achieve that goal? what if you could work for a company that believes that top line growth is as important as giving back to the community? what if you could work alongside the best and brightest in the industry to craft creative solutions and groundbreaking strategies? all this in a driven, collaborative and rewarding environment… sounds like fiction, you say? absolutely not! here at salesforce, we call it #salesforceohana! we're looking for solution engineers in our commercial business unit, which includes companies across a range of industries and sizes. you will work with companies in rapid growth mode and with a diverse set of issues, which means you will need to operate quickly and with agility. your impact:

having fun and getting out of their comfort zone every single day facilitate outcome-focused dialogue to understand and define a customer's business requirements partner with customers to develop a vision for their future on the salesforce platform make that vision come to life by configuring and demonstrating the art of the possible on our platform part of a highly motivated sales team who are fanatical about our customers' success comfortable working with clients at all levels - it is just as important to work with the front line as the ceo willing to learn how to configure our technology to build demonstrations that will show off the power of salesforce's platform

4 year b.s. or b.a. degree  previous experience as a solution/sales engineer preferably in the crm space some domestic travel is required

about salesforce:   these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.    *li-y








