Salesforce 37--Solution-Architect.Txt




solution architect   these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  have you mastered the balance between creativity and technology?  are you looking to join a technical team trusted to deliver mission critical business services that help scale the organization and create unprecedented business value? do you want to be part of a business that's improving the state of the world and creating equality for all?

we are looking for an enthusiastic solutions architect to join our it applications team and own solution architecture for a complex portfolio of initiatives. this role works directly with cross-functional business partners, it team members, and strategic vendor partners.



systems design: specify and design solutions across business areas or systems. evaluate and undertake impact analyses on major design options and assess associated risks. ensure that the system design balances functional, service quality, security, and systems management requirements.

buy/build decision leadership: lead efforts for new software selection including development of rfi/rfp, review and evaluation of commercial software solutions, lead proof of concepts and development of evaluation matrix through final recommendation, including hands-on execution where needed.

solution architecture deliverables: define, maintain, and manage architecture models, frameworks and artifacts (e.g. current and future state application architecture diagrams, data models, etc.).

business process improvement: analyze cross-functional business processes; identify alternative solutions, assess feasibility, and recommend new approaches via technology enablement. contribute to evaluating the factors which must be addressed in change management.

business analysis: investigate operational requirements, problems, and opportunities for cross functional initiatives, seeking effective business solutions through improvements in automated and non-automated components of new or changed processes. assist in the analysis of stakeholder objectives, and the underlying issues arising from investigations into business requirements and problems, and identify solution options for consideration and potential benefits.

relationship management: develop and manage expectations for communication channels and/or stakeholder groups. initiate communications between key contributors and stakeholders, acting as a single point of contact for cross-functional solution architecture. facilitate open communication and discussion between stakeholders.

data analysis: understand corporate data requirements, and apply data analysis, data modeling and quality assurance techniques, to establish, modify or maintain data structures and their associated components in and across business areas/ applications of expertise. provide advice and guidance to bsas/developers and others using the data structures and associated components.

scoping/effort estimates: contribute to solution scoping and effort sizing with cross-functional team.

research: stay informed on technology trends and product roadmaps to make informed solution architecture recommendations.


qualifications requirements


12+ years relevant experience preferred.

5+ years architectural leadership experience and deep understanding of the sfdc product architecture.

multiple sfdc certifications preferred.

has served as solution architect for multiple enterprise application implementations (including complex integrations).

proficiency in software development lifecycle, code management, and release management. agile development experience preferred.

deep functional and business process understanding of  web content management systems and integrations to crm platforms.  experience with marketing cloud platform a plus.

ability to grasp new business process and apply salesforce platform technology to develop software solutions (out of the box and on platform developed solutions)

familiarity with data quality management concepts.

position requires:


strong leadership, relationship building, and negotiating skills.

outstanding written, verbal, and interpersonal skills.

ability and desire to collaborate and communicate with colleagues and stakeholders on an ongoing and regular basis.

effective presentation skills and diplomacy required to interface with and influence cross-functional leaders.

ability to operate in a complex environment of multiple projects and stakeholders and to participate in several projects simultaneously.


bachelor's degree in information systems technology, computer science, or related program is preferred. 	 	*li-y









