Salesforce 44--Senior_Lead_Principal--Software-Engineer.Txt





interested in analyzing infrastructure data? bringing insights into asset data to drive security compliance, cost-to-serve and budgeting? infrastructure analytics organization is building a group to focus on infrastructure asset analytics. this will require understanding our various sources of data and building a system to join, analyze, visualize, derive insights and drive decisions. your work will directly help in improving trust (#1 salesforce value) and salesforce infrastructure economics. we are looking to add experienced software engineers who can step up to work with challenging problems that are distributed in nature and have an ambiguous edge to them. you will have an opportunity to work with a group of skilled engineers, architects and product managers. you will use your experience to engage with various infrastructure data teams, design and develop systems. you'll be a part of a modern, lean, self-governing engineering team where you have the ability to switch hats between coding to features, to testing for quality and performance. salesforce hosts web services and applications written by thousands of internal developers and tens of thousands of customers to provide the largest business automation cloud on the planet. the compute systems team is evolving to fully embrace lights-out operations, single-click deploy to tens of thousands of nodes, and services that self-heal and self-optimize. responsibilities:

you will be responsible for developing end to end software solutions through all phases of software development lifecycle. you will use your experience to work with team members to develop new features, as well as, enhance existing applications. you will be responsible for building cloud/web-based solutions and have the ability to grasp a variety of unfamiliar technology and integrate them quickly. you will follow agile development methodology to drive and deliver thin slices of end-to-end functionality on a regular cadence with data-driven feedback loops. write clean, reusable, testable rest apis in an agile environment work closely with a cross-functional team of software developers, network engineers, and system engineers to define the tools, processes, and implementation to support agile software development support management of the team's technical infrastructure (e.g., repository, build system, testing system) perform other duties as assigned

5+ years of professional software development experience in java or c++ or any language that leverages ood/oop 5+ years of professional experience with webservices, rest, rdbms/sql, and continuous integration. experience with agile development methodology, test-driven development, short delivery cycles. experience using metrics to drive operational excellence. ability to learn quickly and deliver high-quality code in a fast-paced, dynamic team environment. working experience with source code management, testing frameworks, code packaging, and build/release processes strong troubleshooting skills, especially in a complex application stack excellent written and verbal communication skills with outstanding attention to details bachelor's degree or master's degree in computer science or related field.

development experience on salesforce  force.com  platform using apex, visualforce will be a big plus. experience with addressing software scalability & performance. experience with javascript & related frameworks








