Salesforce 137--Product-Manager---Salesforce.Org.Txt




salesforce.org is a nonprofit social enterprise with a mission to empower its community of stakeholders to accelerate impact in a whole new way.  salesforce.org impacts thousands of organizations and the millions of people they serve by delivering the world's best nonprofit and educational technology solutions at affordable rates. it also inspires employee giving by matching their donations and driving volunteer engagement in the community. and it leverages a unique self-sustaining model to generously re-invest the revenue generated back into the community through strategic grants focused on education and workforce development.  we are looking for a talented, self-directed,product manager (pm) who is passionate about working closely with customers to deliver market driven solutions. the technical product manager is responsible for defining market requirements and packaging the features into product releases for salesforce.org products. this is an amazing opportunity to have impact with thousands of nonprofits, while working on the world's best platform for delivering impactful applications. the team is one where self-directed individuals thrive, and one where your vision for increasing the impact of technology and education in the social change sector can be realized.  duties will include development of market driven requirements that solve our customer's toughest problems, synchronizing customer needs and interests with roadmap and delivery schedules, and representing the product to internal and external stakeholders.  the pm will work closely with stakeholders to help develop the roadmap, feature set and functional requirements for the development teams, and communicating that information to interested parties. the pm will be required to be knowledgeable and enthusiastic about leading the development, execution and strategy for effective, scalable, end-to-end business solutions.  this includes gathering requirements, uat, internal engagement, and customer outreach. our product managers work cross-functionally with every team within salesforce.org; from diving into the market to develop extensive market subject matter expertise, to sitting in on customer calls with the sales team, and working on user story mapping with user experience and engineering.. this role will report to the director of nonprofit product management and will be a key member of a small and growing innovative technology team core responsibilities: as to be expected in a startup-like environment, the scope of this position will evolve continuously.  comfort with ambiguity and flexibility is required.  below is a partial representation of what may be included in the product manager's typical week:
gathering user requirements facilitate and manage the product lifecycle and continuously iterate to improve the product. manage and communicate tradeoff decisions between scope and schedule act as the subject-matter expert for their assigned market  synthesize diverse sets of data to educate the team and drive product decisions engage with customers and partners to understand their needs, articulate our goals and evaluate the impact of our product create product and project roadmaps, coordinate and prioritize fixes and modifications  partner with marketing and alliances team at all levels to assess, initiate, prioritize, refine, and drive go to market messages for products and solutions  above all else, doing the little things that get the team to their goals
desired qualifications:
4+ years of experience in a product management role where you have shipped multiple products that have scaled demonstrated experience in the agile software development process. demonstrated experience in gathering and transforming customer needs into an actionable product vision and requirements definition. bachelor's' degree 3+ years in the nonprofit sector knowledge of nonprofit applications and market needs pragmatic marketing product management certification
our product managers are:
well versed in understanding the customer needs compassionate (not just empathetic) curious entrepreneurial deeply analytical  experts in creating a product narrative inspirational to engineers, designers and sales teams on a collective vision detail oriented yet versatile partners and believe that building a great product is a team sport









