Salesforce 264--Vp-Smb-Transformation.Txt




vp smb transformation     these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  summary: the vp smb transformation will be part of the commercial smb amer senior leadership team.  this leader will play an instrumental role in setting and executing the smb sales go-to-market strategy including redefining our customer acquisition strategy with our marketing and sales teams as well as working with our product teams to ensure we deliver on smb customer success.   primary responsibilities: this leader will work cross functionally across the organization on all aspects of our smb strategy with the ultimate outcome of continuing our growth and delivering on customers success.  the smb market represents the fast-growing segment of the crm market and we want to transform our engagement with smbs from initial engagement through renewal.
trusted customer success growth acceleration innovation set and execute an aggressive customer acquisition strategy to generate annual growth in revenue and bookings for smb business develop new customer acquisition strategies including social selling, content syndication, partnerships, sem/seo, etc. help define a new trial experience for prospects and "in-app” cross sell experiences for customers.   manage a disciplined process of accountability, setting appropriate metrics for new business growth, pipeline by source, lead conversation rates, close rates and overall funnel management align and coordinate across functions (sales, product, customer success, finance, legal, etc) to deliver industry leading success for our customers. drive long term employee success, with an eye towards developing the next generation of sales leadership and talent
professional experience/skills required:

experience supporting and selling cloud based business applications experience with high volume, high velocity smb sales organizations with modern ways of attracting and acquiring companies extensive senior sales leadership experience building, leading and inspiring cross functional teams.

high intellectual horsepower, high-energy, visionary executive with proven track record of defining and delivering new initiatives  excellent operational/analytical skills - reporting, forecasting, data analysis skills; operations management experience relentless operational discipline and execution must have a deep network of senior executive level referenceable customers must be flexible and able to excel in a large, matrixed, fast-paced, fluid environment excellent executive presence, communication and presentation skills  undergraduate degree or equivalent experience









