Salesforce 15--Account-Executive-Mid-Commercial-Enterprise.Txt




locations: san francisco, ca -- irvine, ca -- seattle, wa

seventeen years ago, we launched salesforce with a vision to reinvent crm in the cloud. and a new technology model was born. we also put aside 1% of our equity, 1% of our employee time, and 1% of our product to form the salesforce foundation. these two key decisions have fueled our incredible growth, defined us as the global leader in crm, jump-started the era of cloud computing, and inspired a new philanthropic model for all to follow. today, salesforce is powering innovation in sales, service, marketing, community, analytics, apps, and more.

thanks to our dedicated employees, partners, and the customers we serve, our industry-leading customer platform has become the leading enterprise cloud ecosystem. industries and companies of all sizes can connect to their customers like never before using the latest innovations in mobile, social, and cloud technology. we welcome you to the customer success platform.


you are a resourceful, driven, teammate with a competitive spirit, and strong business insight to help our customers in the commercial market reach new levels of customer success. are you curious about technology and dedicated to making your customers successful? can you clearly articulate the return on investment of an enterprise solution across multiple partners? if so, then this is the role for you.

successful account executives at salesforce have experience doing deep levels of discovery and objection handling at every level. you will be engaged with customers at each point of the sales cycle, from account planning, through development of the deal, to the close of business, and beyond. get ready to be a trusted advisor to the c-suite and the end users.

you won't simply focus on selling the world's #1 crm solution, you will also cross-sell our entire suite of products, including premier solutions for: customer service, marketing, community, analytics, apps and more.

our goal is to build an organization of smart, ambitious account executives, committed to our mission and passionate about winning, but able to balance this with a respectful, healthy environment and lifestyle. at salesforce, integrity and reliability are as important as talent and effort.


4-year ba/bs degree preferred or equivalent practical experience 4+ years of quota carrying software or technology sales and account management experience

preferred qualifications:

experience managing and closing complex sales-cycles previous sales methodology training crm experience strong and demonstrated written and verbal communications skills ability to work in a dynamic, team environment track record of over-achieving quota (top 10-20% of company) in past positions strong customer references

salesforce.com and salesforce.org are equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employers. you will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/cvs through this website or directly to managers. salesforce.com and salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. salesforce.com and salesforce.org will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with salesforce.com or salesforce.org.

eeo - it's the law.

*li-r


**li-sj










