Salesforce 9--Product-Management-Director-Heroku-Data.Txt




heroku's mission is to create the fastest path for application developers to turn an idea into a production app of any scale. we want to remove every obstacle that slows down creative coders and let them focus on their customers' experience while leaving everything else to our service. today, heroku powers millions of apps ranging from personal hobby apps to internet top 100 apps. in aggregate we serve billions of requests per day. yet, it only takes minutes for a new developer to get the first app up and running, ready to serve customers. a critical element of our future growth is our ability to deliver integrated data and runtime, a curated set of data services optimized for developer use cases, and the experience of managing apps and services at scale.  we are looking for an experienced product manager who wants to join our team and help draw the optimal connection between these great technology and market opportunities. this role is a senior one, with responsibility for the developer experience and business success of existing data services such as heroku postgres and heroku redis, with excellent opportunities for new product development, new cross service/cross platform integrations, and open source community participation.  expertise in data related use cases, from transactional to analytical, and data related technologies, from relational databases to distributed systems, will be important to success in this position.   key responsibilities as a member of heroku's product management team your responsibilities include:
own the product vision for your area. ensure that it aligns with the overall product and company vision. be an expert on the domain, the market, the trends. evangelize the vision constantly so all stakeholders are aligned, have context and understand where we are going. represent the customer. be the champion and voice of customers. build intimate, personal customer relationships. bring the customer's voice into the creation process. manage the roadmap. make tough tactical prioritization decisions while helping the company think long-term. build trust with stakeholders by maintaining an understandable, accurate roadmap. collaborate across teams. we win or lose as a team. product managers play a critical role in creating alignment between engineering teams and stakeholders. a collaborative attitude is essential to the job. measure success. own the measures used to define success for your product. success measures must be defined at the inception of a product and tracked throughout its lifecycle. make measures visible to all stakeholders and interpret them into actionable conclusions and new hypotheses. develop new opportunities. with your finger on the pulse of the market, the customers and the engineering teams, you are uniquely positioned to discover and develop new opportunities.
key competencies
strong technical abilities. you are intimately familiar with modern software development practices used to build and deploy web and mobile applications. you've preferably been working full time on a software delivery team. strong analytical capabilities. you excel at and enjoy building models and decomposing complex structures into useful primitives. 5+ years of product management or equivalent experience with demonstrated ability to discover opportunities, and then define and deliver products demonstrated ability to lead multidisciplinary teams and projects strong customer and stakeholder empathy. you must be not only the voice of the customer, but at various times the voice of marketing, finance, engineering, support and ops. you must be able to channel many points of view. proficiency in one or more programming languages: ruby, javascript/node.js, java, scala, python, php, go, etc. and/or related subject matter expertise domain expertise (e.g. as a practitioner or technology provider) in several of: application lifecycle management, continuous delivery, devops, application development, web application operations, distributed computing, paas, iaas, cloud services.








