Salesforce 69--Senior-Software-Engineer---Full-Stack.Txt




senior software engineer - full stack we are seeking a senior-level full stack software engineer to join our engineering team here at salesforce. salesforce is the world's #1 customer relationship management (crm) platform. our cloud-based applications for sales, service, marketing, community, commerce, iot, and productivity don't require it experts to set up or run — simply log in and start connecting to customers in a whole new way! more than 150,000 companies are blazing trails to success with our platform. as you grow your career within salesforce and learn new skills, we provide opportunities to move product clouds and enable personal and professional growth throughout your tenure. we have internal transfer opportunities twice a year for those in good standing. your impact our engineering teams are responsible for the product end-to-end – including the apis and the ui for the features, security and performance aspects. as an engineer on our team, you will collaborate with product managers, product designers, and other top-notch software engineers to design and implement high-performance features for our platform. we are solving the biggest problems in enterprise software, and empowering our users to tailor any app or process, get innovation delivered automatically, integrate and connect anything, extend your crm with prebuilt applications and build with trust and security. are you interested in being part of our ohana? here is what we are looking for from you! basic requirements
design, implement, test and ship features that can scale to millions of users build features with a major focus on performance, scalability and future expansion strong object-oriented fundamentals write unit and functional automation to validate code quality have a passion for quality and writing clean, solid, readable code that scales and performs well adopt, embrace, and promote agile and test-driven practices with your peers value team excellence over individual productivity ability to learn quickly in a dynamic environment

bachelor's degree (or its foreign degree equivalent) in computer science, engineering, or a related technical discipline. at least 4 years of software engineering experience expertise in frontend and backend development like java or any oop languages, javascript, html, and css experience developing and tuning highly-available server-side applications thorough knowledge of object-oriented design and design patterns database experience with sql, oracle, and relational schema design understanding of software architecture and large-scale systems experience building and improving highly concurrent distributed systems experience with agile development methodology
salesforce, the customer success platform and world's leading crm, empowers companies to connect with their customers in unprecedented ways.  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” for eight consecutive years. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  salesforce.com and salesforce.org are equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employers. you will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/cvs through this website or directly to managers. salesforce.com and salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. salesforce.com and salesforce.org will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with salesforce.com or salesforce.org. *li-y








