Salesforce 107--Incentive-Operations-Analyst.Txt




title:  incentive operations analyst location:  san francisco, ca type:  full-time

about salesforce:

 we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, the world's most innovative company according to forbes, and one of fortune's 100 best companies to work for six years running. the growth, innovation, and aloha spirit of salesforce are driven by our incredible employees who thrive on delivering success for our customers while also finding time to give back through our 1/1/1 model, which leverages 1% of our time, equity, and product to improve communities around the world. salesforce is a team sport, and we play to win. join us!   position  the incentive compensation analyst will be responsible for providing key operational support for salesforce's ww sales incentives program. primary responsibilities will be focused on delivering accurate compensation information to global sales compensation administration for incentive compensation payouts, development and distribution of incentive plan documents for all incentive eligible personnel, process improvement, and managing system enhancements. key responsibilities:

manage the day-to-day administration of the plan distribution application and process to ensure accurate distribution and timely acceptance of plan documents. create and distribute incentive compensation plans for ww sales and sales support. validate new hire, promotion and transfer employee data from human resources is accurate and complete  prepare xactly/incent load files with the quotas, commission rates, and other key information for all incentive eligible personnel on a monthly basis. partner with global sales compensation administration team to ensure that the required compensation data is provided in a timely basis for the administration of incentive payouts. collaborate with design and operations team to ensure design and policy decisions are executed, including new fiscal year and mid-year design changes.  work closely with plan operations team to triage and answer questions regarding incentive plan issues/problems, establish best practices, and improve manual processes. subject matter expert and user acceptance testing for compensation plan distribution tools
experience/skills required:

minimum 3-5 years experience in financial planning and analysis, accounting or sales compensation/sales operations function   strong analytical, written, and oral communication skills; process oriented.  ability to manage programs and processes globally.  excellent problem solving skills.  must be able to accurately compile and synthesize both quantitative and qualitative data.  ability to work in a dynamic environment.  strong excel skills strong attention to details and the ability to multitask








