Salesforce 361--Front-End-Developer.Txt




front end developer this is an opportunity to show leadership, creativity, and innovation. we want a developer to join our customer experience team that uses the latest technologies and platforms to build product prototypes and demonstrations that effectively communicate our salesforce product line. this position requires someone who has great interpersonal skills to work with many different departments within the company including our executive management team, marketing, product management, and engineering.

in your role as a developer, your day-to-day tasks will consist of creating visually engaging, innovative, and functional mobile and web products. your ability to bring your vision and concepts to life will not only be welcomed but celebrated. you will be creating high quality, interactive prototypes that will be seen by thousands. you will be working with a highly driven team that has delivered countless successful keynote events around the world. please prepare an online portfolio of your work and include a link to it on your resume.

this is not your typical software development position. our team is focused on rapid prototyping and working against short deadlines. you will help us design and build demo applications for salesforce events. we have the freedom to choose our own technologies, libraries, and platforms and we need someone who follows modern web development trends.



work closely with designers to implement early, interactive prototypes for new features

work hand-in-hand with product management and engineering on pre-release versions of our technology

collaborate with colleagues (developers, designers, and product marketing managers) to drive product designs from concept to implementation

design and implement complex web infrastructure in simple ways and with simple interfaces

communicate with the highest levels of our executive team around the vision of our products

architect world class demonstrations that are the basis for our annual event keynotes shown to over 100,000 customers, partners and executives



b.s. computer science or software engineering

2-4 years of front-end development experience (html, css, javascript)

experience with popular front-end technologies such as: angular, react, ember, etc.

familiarity with build automation tools such as grunt and gulp

ability to generate interactive prototypes using html/html5, css/css3, javascript

experience with any of the following: java, ruby, apex/visualforce, ios and android mobile platforms

must have a proven track record in the development and delivery of differentiated custom solutions, including advanced technical concepts, to key decision makers




experience developing on salesforce platform

experience developing for mobile devices

experience with ar/vr technology

experience in user testing

experience with back-end technologies such as: node, rails, mongo, mysql/postgresql, etc. 	 	  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 










