Salesforce 56--Release-Marketing-Specialist---Marketing-Cloud.Txt




at salesforce, our world-class product marketers create and tell inspirational stories with cutting-edge demonstrations to people around the world. we develop product messaging and positioning, go to market programs, campaigns, events, and sales enablement. we measure our success by our ability to develop creative and innovative marketing strategies and ability to gain c-level, it director, and key buyers' mindshare.  our product marketing ohana consists of over 250 product marketers who define their talent by the product cloud they specialize in. with dozens of products to choose from, each pmm has the opportunity to cultivate their career within a specific space, while rubbing elbows with leadership, presenting in front of internal stakeholders, collaborating with our engineers and training our sales teams.  you will be responsible for defining a strategic platform narrative through the lens of customer stories and thought leadership content. you will live the customer journey and help inform and retell the magic of how salesforce has helped companies transform. you will align customer storytelling to position against the competition. successful candidates will have a passion for taking the complex and making it simple and for marketing through compelling stories. your impact:
partner closely with product management to understand the product strategy and develop a world-class release marketing program. develop innovative marketing strategies to gain vp and c-level mindshare in marketing organizations. work with sales to inspire, motivate, and ultimately win flagship brands through the sales cycle and generate the best customer stories in the business. product high fidelity externally-facing content including thought leadership content, customer stories, webinars, data sheets, solution guides, and more for all funnel stages by partnering with the industry's leading creative team. create compelling and easy to understand internally facing content including sales training, competitive positioning, faqs, and cheat sheets. work closely with cross-functional marketing teams to drive the business and product marketing strategy. track, measure, and report against objectives. drive a fantastic launch cycle at our events, including our flagship dreamforce that drives the conversation forward. connect with customers, sales teams, and partners to show them their future. work closely with corporate marketing to execute innovative online marketing campaigns, seo, and web design. create sales tools that will assist the sales team in all phases of the sales cycle.
3+ years experience in product marketing at a high-tech company, or similar. mba a plus, but not required. dynamic, confident personality with the ability to successfully define and drive project execution with minimal guidance amidst multiple priorities and goals. experience with business processes such as sales, ops, marketing, and customer support. experience with enterprise applications such as crm software, erp, customer service or homegrown solutions. proven track record of speaking in front of large internal, external, and global audiences. creative thinker that can generate innovative marketing ideas and lead a cross-functional team of stakeholders to drive execution. proven track record of crafting compelling positioning and thought leadership content. experience working with direct distribution (sales) teams and channel partners. hands-on ability to create a range of marketing assets, including viral on-message product demo videos and succinct slide pitch-decks. proven track record of launching and growing hit products. strong skills in communication, presenting, writing, and ability to work well cross-functionally. provide track record in performing well in a fast-paced environment and organizational skills to manage multiple projects with tight deadlines effectively.








