Salesforce 344--Database-Engineer-Principal_Architect_Principal-Architect.Txt




database engineering principal/architect/principal architect (goldengate)
salesforce.com is the #1 crm platform and the clear leader in sales, service, marketing and cloud platforms. with our four product lines, companies have the tools they need to transform the way they sell, service, market and innovate today, with this next generation of technology, our customers are connecting with their customers in entirely new ways. with salesforce.com's four product lines--sales cloud, service cloud, marketing cloud, salesforce1 platform– companies have the tools they need to transform the way they sell, service, market and innovate. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, the world's most innovative company according to forbes and one of fortune's 100 best companies to work for. the infrastructure engineering database cloud team is a dynamic, global team delivering and supporting technology infrastructure to meet the substantial growth needs of the business and is essential to deployment of all new equipment and upgrades to hardware and software. we are currently looking for a database engineering goldengate specialist for this team. in this role you will be the cornerstone of our continued efforts in the direction of high availability, scalability and performance as we expand our team responsible for designing and deploying goldengate platform to support multiple initiatives like near zero downtime migrations, upgrades, as well as continuous change capture, in a 24x7x365 environment. key to this position will be a focus on defining the architecture and implementing it in a secure, high-performance, highly available, and fully resilient infrastructure across multiple data centers. responsibilities:
design, build and deploy highly available, robust, resilient, secure and supportable 24x7x365 solutions. use industry best practices to ensure systems are protected from data loss in compliance with established business continuity and dr practices. define, develop and deploy system monitoring requirements/thresholds as well as corrective action. adhere to system hardening guidelines and security best practices in support of iso 27001/pci/sox. document all operational processes and procedures to optimize support and management of deployed systems. contribute towards new and on-going technology projects in areas of scalability, performance and high availability. develop strong partnerships with architecture, project management, data center and provisioning groups. responsible for designing goldengate best practices and assisting other teams to adopting the goldengate platform. author tools that reliably manage infrastructure. responsible for developing and managing framework/tools to package and rollout infrastructure changes in python.
required skill
bs/ba degree in computer science or equivalent industry experience. 10-12 years experience as an oracle dba. 7 years of experience in designing goldengate replication solutions and architecture. experience in designing and implementing high-availability database solutions and architectures. experience designing implementing a variety of data models, database designs, data access, and table maintenance codes. extensive experience resolving moderate to complex db and goldengate performance, capacity issues and replication issues. experience leading database installation, configuration, upgrade, maintenance and security. experience in developing tools that reliably manage infrastructure and also experience in developing and managing framework/tools to package and rollout infrastructure changes at scale. experience with high-end san storage solutions. experience with rman backup and restore. experience in designing and supporting active data guard solutions at scale for very large databases with high transaction rates. advanced level knowledge of sql and pl/sql skills. extensive experience working within structured change management processes. networking experience - tcp/ip, database connectivity. strong scripting skills and automation development experience with a major scripting language (python, perl, shell etc). ability to develop requirements for the toolsets needed to streamline and automate system installation and configuration procedures. experience with process automation as it applies to the provisioning of resources within database engineering.








