Salesforce 50--Distributed-Systems-Developer-Software-Defined-Security-*.Txt




distributed systems developer, software defined security salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the san francisco fair chance ordinance.


our recruiting model:

while there might only be one position posted, we may actually have more than one similar position to fill. applying for a role puts the applicant on recruiting's radar; we might reach out for other similar roles. you are welcome to reach out directly to the recruiter, functional leader or hiring manager listed on this posting if you would like to talk to us about this role or any other associated roles that might be available.

click here to submit an employee referral

trust is the #1 company value at salesforce. salesforce.com hosts web services and applications written by thousands of internal developers and tens of thousands of customers to provide the largest saas platform on the planet. the infrastructure security team is responsible for building the internal software platform that enhances the security posture of our production systems. our expanding team is looking for a seasoned distributed systems developer (position level dependent on experience).


do you have a passion for security and interest in growing as a cyber security professional? do you love agile coding, controlling hyper-scale services and fully owning your service? then this position is for you!


you will be building the new generation of salesforce's security platform, looking at security policy as part of service model, modeling policy control and implementing a hardened and scalable framework for enforcing policies. you will be responsible for designing, implementing and running our fleet of services that enforce the data center security posture. you will unlock security innovation and value by building a fully-automated platform with single-click policy management for tens of thousands of nodes, and services that self-heal and self-optimize.



5+ years of development experience

proficiency in at least one of the following programming languages: golang, java, c++, python, c#

mastery of ooo concepts and programming

demonstrated understanding of general unix/linux systems (e.g., centos, rhel, solaris, or similar)

experience in application-focused security: authn/authz, identity management, pki, encryption

devops mindset and strong ownership over owned code (test, monitor, deploy, maintain)

m.sc/m.eng in computer science/engineering or b.a/b.sc. in same disciplines with the equivalent years of experience.




cloud infrastructure experience in saas, paas, or iaas

educated in service operation technologies (docker, vm, puppet, aws)

excited by building reliable, self-healing services on unreliable hardware

practical experience with pair-programming, agile development, test-driven development, and pattern-based coding (mvcs, cqrs, layered architectures)


company overview:

  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  *li-y








