Salesforce 320--Software-Engineer-(Senior_Lead_Principal_Architect)---Continuous-Integration.Txt




software engineer (senior/lead/principal/architect) - continuous integration salesforce is growing the test and release team that is building the next generation ci/cd solution based on jenkins building and operating a large-scale delivery solution using jenkins while working with and contributing to the open source community. about compute infrastructure the salesforce platform hosts web services and applications written by thousands of internal developers and tens of thousands of customers to provide the largest business automation cloud on the planet. we are building the next generation of web-scale, massively distributed core platforms and services that enable this innovation and value for the future. your impact

build highly scalable backend infrastructure services using go, python, java and container technologies like docker build large scale distributed systems spanning dozens of data centers and tens of thousands of machines. developing tools to coordinate hundreds of thousands of machines across dozens of data centers. designing a secure system for continuous integration and delivery supporting all of salesforce software and services. work closely with the open-source community. the community gave to us, it's only right that you contribute back changes and enhancements.

minimum of 5+ years of development experience experience with one of (java, c++, python, go) in a linux/unix data center environment. experience with agile development methodology and test-driven development. experience building resilient services which utilize telemetry and metrics to drive operational excellence. experience with ci/cd systems. bachelor's degree in cs or any engineering discipline.

experience with cloudbees jenkins and application security. familiarity with packaging frameworks like nix. familiarity with principles of building reliable, self-healing services on unreliable hardware. experience and ability in mentoring junior team members.

company overview   these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  *li-y








