Salesforce 175--Senior-Software-Engineer---Sales-Cloud.Txt




software engineer - sales cloud salesforce.com  transformed the enterprise software market with cloud computing. we've launched business apps and platforms that are as easy to use as  amazon.com  and as social as facebook. and now we've got our sights set on the next generation of cloud computing. recognized by fortune magazine as the world's 4th fastest growing company, our technology teams are the brains behind visionary technologies like the  force.com  platform, enterprise social collaboration tools like salesforce chatter and the appexchange marketplace that are help growing the cloud computing industry. with more than 15,000 employees, the first enterprise cloud computing company to exceed $2.0b in annual revenue run rate, and more than 97,000 customers worldwide, we are proud to contribute to the success of companies of all sizes and industries, around the globe. we're also one of the "best places to work" (fortune). if you're passionate about innovation, come help revolutionize how companies collaborate and communicate with customers. our salesforce for outlook (sfo) integration solution is used by over  300,000+ users who demand a high quality, responsive, and predictable application. as a senior software engineer you will design, develop, test and deploy solutions that integrate microsoft outlook with salesforce. you should be passionate about solving tough technical problems, understanding customer impact and recommending improvements to products and processes. key responsibilities
design, architect, develop and test product features  assist in delivering test automation, spanning multiple release cycles building and enhancing a test infrastructure that is scalable and reliable partner with product management teams in each stage to coordinate with the work and solve dependencies stay current with relevant technologies
solid understanding of object-oriented programming experienced with c# for windows runtime, including best practices, apis and libraries proficiency in modern development and testing methodologies strong quality focus and passion for deliver top quality products for our customers understanding of synchronous vs. asynchronous calls fluency in an object oriented language; java or c# preferred  fluency in front-end technologies: javascript familiarity in microsoft technologies, outlook add-ins, exchange server familiarity with vm technologies familiarity with oracle and/or other relational databases (postgresql, mysql etc) familiarity with core web technologies: http, json, rest, xml experience using linux environments, such as ubuntu and/or centos experience with a known ide: visual studio, eclipse or intellij thorough understanding of concurrency and the c# threading model bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent experience excellent communication skills via email, instant messaging, conference calls, video conferencing, and in-person
built and shipped a windows add-in/applications on the microsoft store has utilized and maintained deployments of ci using tools such as jenkins or teamcity 4 or more years of core java/c# or other clr development experience understanding of localization & accessibility issues on the device understanding of the windows security model and best practices experience with agile development methodology (e.g., scrum & kanban) experience with windows' installers, preferably advanced installer master's degree in computer science or equivalent experience
about  salesforce.com :

  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  ​*li-y








