Salesforce 364--Run-Rate-Programs-Manager.Txt




description the run rate programs manager role could be the right fit for you at salesforce! we are currently looking for high-energy, driven, top talent from sales strategy, sales programs, or sales operations with a deep knowledge of effective tactics and strategies to break into the largest commercial companies. the ideal candidate has an analytical mind with the ability to act as a trusted adviser and business partner to sales leaders, while working cross functionally with sales strategy, data science, corporate marketing, product marketing, and enablement. the ideal candidate must be comfortable analyzing complex data sets, adept at prescribing and prioritizing technology solutions to meet business problems, and is a comfortable presenting to sales leaders. this role combines the creative process of designing prescriptive programs and strategies, with the "business end” of operationalizing these programs with field teams to ensure they are executed and produce results. skills & experience required:
knowledge of effective commercial sales strategies (seed, grow, advise) ability to design prescriptive programs and strategies, and "operationalizing” them ability to work collaboratively with sales leaders, sales strategy, data science, corporate marketing, product marketing, and enablement highly skilled in salesforce reporting and/or excel exceptional communication and public speaking skills; assist in developing executive level presentations operational rigor and track record of cross stakeholder program management and execution build, maintain, update and optimize critical dashboards in salesforce.com for key business stakeholders in marketing and sales
salesforce.com offers a fast-paced, innovative environment where you will be empowered to design and execute programs that drive business results. our goal is to build an organization of smart, ambitious revenue strategists who are committed to our mission and focused on winning, but able to balance this with a respectful, healthy environment and lifestyle. at salesforce.com, integrity and reliability are as important as talent and effort. responsibilities: as part of our commercial business unit you will be collaborating with sales leaders, corporate marketing, product marketing, data science teams, sales operations, and sales enablement to design and execute custom sales programs that drive results inside the largest commercial accounts in the us. ultimately delivering prescriptive programs quarterly at the svp level, your programs will be carried out by teams of sales executives numbering in the hundreds. required experience: 6+ years of experience in sales strategy, sales programs, or sales operations. experience designing (or influencing the design) of revenue-producing sales campaigns and/or programs. experience drawing actionable insights from data sets in their most common forms (excel, business objects, salesforce.com, etc.) desired experience: experience designing sales programs, campaigns, and go-to-market strategies overachievement in a quota-carrying enterprise sales role. experience running tactical or strategic sales trainings. strong computer skills, including salesforce.com, microsoft excel, word, powerpoint. bachelor or university degree. strong references required








