Salesforce 216--Product-Manager-Lead-To-Opportunity---Salesforce.Org.Txt




everyone who wants to change the world should have the tools and technology to do so. technology is the most powerful equalizer of our time, providing access to data, knowledge, and--above all--connections. salesforce.org gets our technology in the hands of nonprofits and educators so they can connect with others and do more good. as a social enterprise, the more missions our technology supports, the more we invest back into technology and communities, creating an endless circle of good. we're here to help; visit us at salesforce.org . we are looking for a talented, self-directed individual who is passionate about product management and the lead to opportunity business process -- ensuring that our business partners have access to a steady and complete set of qualified leads so that we can get our technology in the hands of as many nonprofits and educational institutions as possible. this is an incredible opportunity to have impact with thousands of organizations doing good in the world, while working on the best platform for building change-related enterprise business applications.  the lead to opportunity product manager will act as a liaison between business and technology, working closely with functional leaders and subject matter experts to document business processes, identify requirements, and provide support for systems used by the salesforce.org sales strategy, marketing, industry solutions, alliances and customer success teams. this role requires impeccable listening and communication skills, deep understanding of how technology can be used to solve business challenges, attention to detail, and project management skills. the 'product' includes the salesforce.org lead data flow and assignment rules (pardot, marketing cloud, salesforce.com) and related business processes including campaign management, sales analytics and key applications in salesforce.org's customer community, the power of us hub. in this role, you will have the unique opportunity to work with a seasoned technology team while addressing the challenges of a rapidly growing and highly innovative organization. like variety? we've got it. passionate about giving back and making an impact in the global community? we are too. got the product management chops to deliver major strategic initiatives with diverse groups of stakeholders? you're in the right place. read on for more information about your dream job... the lead to opportunity product manager will report to the senior director of product management, enterprise systems and be a key member of a growing, innovative, and distributed technology team focused on delivering an excellent user experience.  salesforce.org is a fast-paced organization that is growing rapidly. it should be expected that the scope of this position will evolve. below is a partial representation of what may be included in the lead to opportunity product manager's typical responsibilities:
engage with business teams and customers to understand needs, evaluate impact and articulate goals. document and analyze existing business processes, identify challenges and make appropriate recommendations for improvement gather user requirements; create and refine requirements in the form of user stories collaborate with stakeholders to craft product roadmap and prioritize backlog of work, manage competing goals, customer expectations, and release timelines work with engineers to convert business and functional requirements into a technical design serve as the single point of contact and subject-matter expert for the product and business teams motivate development team with clear, elevating goals for product development plan and lead implementation of new projects and enhancements for the product communicate delivery of new features and updates to the product to business stakeholders synthesize diverse sets of input and information to drive (and own) product decisions above all else, doing all the little things that drive the team to continuously iterate and improve the product
general skills
excellent communication, problem solving and business process documentation skills proven leadership and ability to prioritize and manage requests and projects of all sizes strong project management skills and willingness to serve in that capacity when appropriate ability to assess the impact of new requirements on all systems across the customer experience ecosystem, for both internal and external customers and integrations team player with a positive attitude
technical skills
minimum 3 years of previous product management experience or equivalent minimum 3 years of previous experience working with lead to opportunity business processes including marketing automation, lead data capture, deduplication and cleansing, assignment and campaign management.  previous responsibility for administration of technology systems or equivalent consulting previous experience with working with and developing on the force.com platform, pardot and/or marketing cloud, communities and analytics. previous experience working with global teams and international markets previous experience working in an agile environment.  previous experience with serving internal business stakeholders and developing long-term collaborative and trusted technology partnerships.








