Salesforce 336--Senior-Product-Manager-Mobile.Txt




are you an innovative mobile product manager who thrives in a fast paced collaborative environment and loves working with the best technology team in the world? come join our team if you are passionate about building the next generation of products and thrive in a fast paced team environment. the salesforce product management team is looking for talented, ambitious, self-directed people to lead and build salesforce's top mobile products with a major focus on the salesforce mobile app, the most successful mobile crm app in the world! if you are passionate about mobile, love to build outstanding products, and thrive in fast moving team environment, then come join the team. the salesforce.com product management team is looking for talented, ambitious, self-directed technologists to lead the creation of our mobile products from conception to launch.


be a leader of one of the highest profile teams in the company be the innovator: design and create new mobile applications based on the salesforce customer success platform for use by employees and customers. own and drive aspects of your product area from idea creation to ultimate delivery and user adoption. lead our engineering team to deliver amazing features from your detailed requirements and prototypes. be the trusted advisor during customer interactions, events, and through social media. bring a detailed eye for user experience and design to ensure features drive high adoption and customer enthusiasm. define and analyze metrics that inform the success of your products. integrate usability studies, research and market analysis into product requirements to enhance user satisfaction across various form factors and devices.



must be willing to work out of salesforce's san francisco offices self-motivated, entrepreneurial, detail-oriented, challenged by accountability, and an innovator. deep, holistic understanding of the mobile user experience and passion to build outstanding products. exceptional communication and presentation skills. creative thinker who thrives on solving challenging problems. ability to work well under pressure and manage multiple tasks simultaneously. experienced developing social products, technologies and platforms is strongly desired. familiar with agile/scrum methodologies. 5+ years of experience in high tech industry, 3+ years of product management experience. bachelor's degree. past experience as product manager of mobile application is a plus









