Salesforce 317--Architect.Txt




architect - service cloud


are you excited about the opportunity to influence the software industry by being involved with visionary technologies and business ideas like apex, paas (platform as a service), and the app exchange? do you want to work on consumer facing, but enterprise grade services? do you like a start-up style delivery, with the vastly powerful customer success platform? if your answer is yes to any of these questions, this is your opportunity to join a dynamic technology team at salesforce, the market leader in cloud computing. top technologists across the world join us for our "change the world” mentality; the opportunity to excel in a fast-paced, performance-based environment and the chance to be surrounded by peers and leaders that inspire, motivate, and innovate.


this opportunity is for a product called field service lightning(fsl). fsl is a new strategic product that salesforce is investing in heavily to disrupt the multi-billion dollar field service market. you will have an opportunity to build this product from ground-up in a start up mode with various technologies that include frontend, backend, ai and big data.





architect, design, and implement field service product applications

master our development process, culture and code base, and then improve it

lead by example by contributing high quality, production code that powers critical pieces of our services and products

work closely with a team of product managers, user experience experts, quality and performance engineers to build new features our customers will love, adopt and use while keeping our trusted platform stable and scalable

drive execution on said long term plan taking into account performance, scalability and usability of your solutions.

value team excellence over individual productivity

adopt, embrace, and promote agile and test-driven practices with your peers

mentor others in development technologies, tools, and processes

develop test strategies and frameworks to drive up code coverage and automation metrics

contribute to the analysis of functional requirements

participate and promote architectural initiatives, balancing long-term velocity with short-term customer needs





12+ years of software development experience.

excellent communications skills and ability to drive consensus within the company.

results oriented, adaptable and comfortable dealing with ambiguity.

collaborative and team oriented.

experience building multi-tier scalable web applications.

strong knowledge of object oriented programming languages.

strong knowledge of sql and understanding of relational database schema design.

bachelor's degree or masters in computer science or equivalent experience.


  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  *-li-y








