Salesforce 219--Capacity-Engineer.Txt




capacity engineer

salesforce.com hosts web services and applications written by thousands of internal developers and tens of thousands of customers to provide the most extensive business automation cloud in the world.  the hardware infrastructure that enables this innovation and the underlying applications have a complex relationship that drives infrastructure economics. capacity engineers plan physical resources, servers, network, power and data centers. they bridge the gap between applications and hardware.



understand scaleout software architecture and critical measures of throughput and response time for major applications.

write performance and capacity-related tests and analysis tools.

automate tools to measure changes in performance as hardware and applications evolve.

tackle performance issues with state of the art hardware, and applications to identify bottlenecks and optimize performance.

work with application developers to find the best way to scale infrastructure, characterize transactional throughput and response time, reduce resource consumption and shorten request latency and understand roadmaps.

work with hardware teams to define architecture and implementation of cutting-edge hardware technologies based on application requirements.

enable hardware partners to optimize products for salesforce workloads by developing portable synthetic benchmarks to approximate application characteristics.

own and drive overall salesforce capacity planning work for all different products/services and recommend server acquisition and dc expansion plan.

work with financial analysts, operations, and engineering to perform cutting-edge technologies investigation and cost analysis.



experience/requirements


experience in developing and executing benchmarks, with a focus on identifying benchmarks + benchmark parameters that are most appropriate

experience with hardware, kernel, and os profiling tools

8+ years of development experience

experience with python, java and c/c++ in a linux/unix data center environment

experience with scale-out data center architectures

experience with large system architectures and the curiosity to understand how significant salesforce applications and services work

experience working with cross-functional teams.

company overview: 	  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  	 	*li-y









