Salesforce 109--Mytrailhead-Senior-Marketing-Manager.Txt




role: mytrailhead senior marketing manager location: san francisco, ca (hq) salesforce is a critical business skill that anyone should have on their resume. by 2022, salesforce and its ecosystem of customers and partners will drive the creation of 3.3 million new jobs and more than $859 billion in new business revenues worldwide according to idc. in 2014 we launched trailhead - the fun way to learn salesforce - and set out on a mission to help people get the skills that employers are hiring for. we've seen extreme momentum over the last 3 years - trailblazers have earned 4 million badges and completed 15 million challenges. now, we are extending the trailhead platform to enable companies to customize the learning environment with their own content and branding, from custom onboarding trails to company-specific enablement skills. mytrailhead reinvents corporate learning and enablement at every step of an employee's career journey. we are looking for a talented product marketer skilled in messaging, campaigns, events and creative asset development, capable of inspiring millions globally across multiple channels. ideal candidates have a background in marketing, program management, administering salesforce applications, rock solid presentation skills and an understanding of what motivates professionals to improve their businesses. the candidate must also be knowledgeable about the latest web and social media technologies, understand digital marketing and advertising, and have experience with powerpoint, keynote & photoshop. responsibilities:
drive growth, awareness and momentum of mytrailhead. produce external content including product presentations, customer stories, demo videos, webinars, faqs & website content. create compelling and easy to understand internal sales enablement content including sales training, competitive positioning, sales tools, faqs, and cheat sheets. partner closely with product management to understand the product strategy and develop top line customer narratives and compelling content and customer stories. work closely with pilot customers through all phases of pilot to understand use cases and feedback. captivate audiences with stellar, engaging presentations at in person marketing events. create amazing event experiences showcasing mytrailhead. analyze and report on the success of campaigns and adoption. interface with outside creative and technical agencies.

5+ years experience in product marketing at a high tech company, or similar. mba a plus, but not required. dynamic, confident personality with ability to successfully define and drive project execution with minimal guidance amidst multiple priorities and goals. knowledgeable about cloud computing, paas and saas proven track record of speaking in front of large internal, external, and global audiences. hands-on ability to create a range of marketing assets, including on-message product demo videos and succinct slide pitch-decks. strong powerpoint, keynote skills and ability to use design tools such as photoshop, illustrator flexible, creative self starter comfortable with risk ­taking and change. methodical and organized; able to manage multiple opportunities, projects and priorities concurrently high energy, enthusiasm, and passion for building valuable resource collections, successful communities, and effective program bachelors degree from a four year university








