Salesforce 42--Senior-Ui-Engineer.Txt




salesforce.com hosts web services and applications written by thousands of internal developers and tens of thousands of customers to provide the most extensive business automation cloud on the planet. the infrastructure that enables this innovation and value is evolving to embrace lights-out operations fully, single-click deploys to tens of thousands of nodes, and services that self-heal and self-optimize salesforce is building out our infrastructure team to reinvigorate the way we deliver, deploy, operate, secure, monitor, and repair our data centers and the code that runs across them - at consumer web scale. we are looking to add experienced distributed systems engineers who can step up and own big chunks of that vision. our mission in infrastructure is to provide our customers the value they seek by building better visualizations and apps for managing the quickly growing and evolving technology stack. are you the kind of person who wants to invest back into technology and community by joining our company and help develop a culture of excellence. some attributes of successful candidates
are you passionate about developing highly engaging, dynamic, and fun consumer-grade apps? eat, sleep, and breathe services. you have experience balancing live-site management, feature delivery, and retirement of technical debt, familiarity with crash-only and recovery-oriented software design. excited by building reliable, self-healing services on unreliable hardware. experience designing, developing, debugging, and resilient distributed systems that run across thousands of compute nodes in multiple data-centers. agilista capable of driving and delivering thin slices of end-to-end functionality on a regular cadence with data-driven feedback loops.
design, implement and ship apps that can scale for hundreds and thousands of servers; lead feature and architecture design with a significant focus on user interaction, performance, scalability and future expansion; adopt, embrace, and promote agile and test-driven practices with your peers; participate and support architectural initiatives, balancing long-term velocity with short-term customer needs.
required skills and experience:

strong understanding of object-oriented design and web technologies in general. strong analytical and problem-solving skills. ability to hit the ground running and learn/adapt quickly. ability to work across all layers of the software stack. strong understanding of all phases of software development lifecycle including functional analysis, development of technical requirements, prototyping, coding, testing, deployment and support excellent written and verbal communication skills. strong expertise & interest in building custom salesforce apps: apex, visualforce, soql, triggers, batch apex, remoting, callouts, and automation experience in java, sql, jquery, javascript, ajax, nodejs, experience in top-notch software engineering organizations. experience in building highly interactive ui and large-scale saas product/cloud service. experience in short release cycles, agile/scrum and tdd. bachelor's degree in computer science or related field.
company overview: salesforce, the customer success platform, and world's #1 crm, empowers companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way.  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. together, with our whole ohana (hawaiian for "family") made up of our employees, customers, partners, and communities, we are working to improve the state of the world. *li-y








