Salesforce 208--Senior-Manager-Demo-Engineering.Txt




senior manager, demo engineer you know that scene in every 007 movie where james bond goes to q branch to get the latest car or gadget to complete the mission? demo engineers are at the core of q branch at salesforce. demo engineers build the shiney technical demos that make our customers say "wow, i had no idea that was possible." we crank out a lot of killer ideas, prototypes, demos, videos, and tools. the demo engineer team works in a highly collaborative team environment to develop unique proof of concept solutions for new and existing customers. the demo engineers are experts on salesforce applications, the salesforce1 platform, and many other related technologies. in this unique management role you will be responsible for building and optimizing an elite team of prototype builders.  your impact - responsibilities:
hire, promote, and develop top technical talent in region oversee proof of concept demonstration builds for web and mobile applications. work with sales engineers and sales executives to define realistic deliverables and deadlines manage regional project queue and allocate appropriate resources identify emerging technologies, facilitate training and knowledge sharing among the team  architect and oversee special assignments

4+ years sales engineering experience with proven performance application architecture experience process and efficiency oriented analytical decision making exemplary verbal, presentation, and written communication skills  deep knowledge and understanding of salesforce applications and the  force.com  platform
about salesforce:   these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 








