Salesforce 346--Lead-Application-Security-Engineer-M&A.Txt




location:
san francisco, ca bellevue, wa salesforce has one of the best security teams in the world and growing this piece of the business is a top priority! trust and security are salesforce's number one value as a company. as a result, we have built a mergers & acquisitions architecture and assurance team that is responsible for ensuring the security uplevel of all salesforce acquisitions. the application security engineer will work with acquisitions to understand the architecture of their application(s), identify risks, track mitigations, and act as a security subject matter expert. through this work, you will mature acquisitions security posture and practices. we are looking for an individual contributor that wants to use their existing application security skills and take it to the next level in an elite security environment. each acquisition represents the unknown, ensuring engaging and exciting work that will challenge you technically and provide great opportunities to grow your professional skill set. this position is based in san francisco or bellevue. travel requirement of 10% responsibilities:

threat modeling production applications performing manual application risk assessments reviewing cryptographic implementations utilizing automated risk identification tools prioritizing remediations of identified risks providing security subject matter expertise to development teams implementing security development lifecycle within the development workflow effectively communicating risk mitigation progress to senior leadership providing training to developers

literacy & understanding of multiple major programming languages deep understanding of web application vulnerability classes threat modeling

secure development ( having built & implemented  s ession authentication, input validation, principle of least privilege ) cryptography competency (y ou don't need to be an expert, but you should demonstrate knowledge of and experience using cryptography in applications)  experience using web application security tools experience working with agile methodologies secure development lifecycle
 we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, the world's most innovative company according to forbes, and one of fortune's 100 best companies to work for six years running. the growth, innovation, and aloha spirit of salesforce are driven by our incredible employees who thrive on delivering success for our customers while also finding time to give back through our 1/1/1 model, which leverages 1% of our time, equity, and product to improve communities around the world. salesforce is a team sport, and we play to win. join us!








