Salesforce 271--Lead-Product-Designer-Sales-Cloud.Txt




as a lead product designer working on the sales cloud user experience team, you'll have the opportunity to work on many consumer-like product areas like calendaring, email, tasks, news and more. if scope and scale is your thing, the sales cloud impacts more than 100,000 customers and 2 million subscribers worldwide.  you'll be able to make a huge impact while solving meaningful problems and creating new design patterns and paradigms. sound like you? then you're someone we want to work with. join our outstanding ux team, and you'll get to work with some of the best and brightest of silicon valley. you'll find startup-like scrum teams, consumer-style innovation, and the opportunity to deliver great experiences to millions of end-users. and you'll have a great experience in the process. bring your skills, inspire your team, and make amazing work with us. help us transform the way business gets done. experience / skills required
5+ years of experience designing and delivering products in cross-functional teams from start to finish deep understanding of user-centered design methods and best practices - and you're always looking to improve on your process the ability to thrive in a fast-paced, collaborative, agile environment power to influence others and build consensus, while dealing with ambiguity you can produce results independently as well as collaboratively in a team self-motivated, a good communicator, and able to balance great design with meeting short deadlines experience using analytics, user research and other approaches to help make decisions and iterate on the product a deep appreciation and talent for simple solutions to complex problems expert knowledge of design tools such as sketch, photoshop, illustrator ba/bs or ma/ms in design related field, or equivalent experience bonus: experience working in design systems

compellingly communicate your ideas to a wide variety of key stakeholders function as a bridge across disciplines, such as design, product, engineering, and marketing collaborate closely with product owners and user research to create a vision for your product area own various web and mobile application interfaces create designs that adhere to and extend the existing style guide generate detailed specs of final designs that allow devs to build accurately work with devs and qe to deliver polished final product evangelize new interface guidelines and design patterns mentor new members of design staff
  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  *li-y








