Salesforce 23--Enterprise-Cpq-Account-Executive.Txt




enterprise cpq account executive about salesforce:   these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company" five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for" eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.    mission of this role: we are currently looking for high-energy, driven senior account executives with knowledge of technology and solid business-to-business sales. the ideal candidate will be responsible for managing a lucrative territory, finding and closing new customers and generating revenue while achieving individual goals. this individual will be a valuable contributor to the sales team with growth opportunities into our sr. account executive roles and sales management.    this role is critical because: the quote to cash space is red hot and we have the cutting edge, 100% salesforce native solution with 1500+ customers. we're growing fast and need to expand our team to meet demand. if you are a proven performer and missed the boat to go big before, this is your chance to make it up. up and coming talent is encourage to apply, but you must be a proven performer in your previous roles.   job responsibilities: •    finding and closing business in our enterprise segment within a geographic territory •    demonstrating our product and working with a broader team to meet the needs of each prospect. •    reporting on sales activity and forecast in salesforce.com •    managing a fast, intricate sales cycles in a team selling environment •    we believe in having fun as we succeed!   job qualifications: •    bachelor's degree or college diploma preferred •    8+ years of quota carrying software or technology sales as an individual contributor •    proven record of sales success •    hands on sales style including initial demonstrations of the product •    experience selling in the salesforce ecosystem an asset •    excellent presentation and listening skills •    strong and demonstrated written and verbal communication skills  •    strong prospecting and networking skills •    must be able to thrive and adapt to change in a very fast paced environment •    strong computer skills, including salesforce •    excellent follow up skills and professionalism •    high energy and a positive attitude •    working knowledge of cpq a plus     *li-qs








