Salesforce 291--Senior-Technical-Product-&-Program-Manager-Government-Cloud.Txt




senior technical product & program manager, gov. cloud  location: san francisco, ca or bellevue, wa overview you will ensure the success of our government cloud program in both running today's business and helping to build strategies and capabilities to drive future business.  you will build meaningful relationships with teams and management in many salesforce business units and drive security operations improvements through accurate/honest metrics reporting.  you have a deep understanding of compliance framework controls and will drive solutions to meet identified gaps.  you are able to clearly communicate status, issues and needs to both leadership as well as engineering teams.  you will be the all seeing eye of the program, processes and metrics so that can drive continuous improvement for the management of our security posture. responsibilities:

develop plans with executive management and engineering teams to enhance the current government cloud security programs. drive all related product and program management initiatives from concept to delivery.  develop a centralized data consolidation and analysis system for the various security focus areas. develop a communication plan leveraging a pull based data model.


7+ years experience managing large highly complex security programs/projects  track record of successfully building alliances with teams in a matrix environment ability to establish credibility and rapport with senior executives and technical and non-technical team members alike ability to successfully collaborate with multiple technical functions in the areas of infrastructure, technical operations, software engineering and security. outstanding detail-oriented organizational skills ability to be flexible with a positive attitude and learn quickly in a dynamic environment;  strong self starter with a history of successful project execution strong quantitative and analytical skills, proven ability to track and successfully complete complex programs  strong influencing skills with an ability to motivate and drive others to succeed;  information systems or computer science bachelor's degree  or equivalent experience and knowledge u.s. citizen (u.s. born or naturalized) who does not hold dual citizenship. you agree to complete a minimum background investigation (mbi) for a moderate public trust position with the u.s. federal government or other clearances as deemed appropriate for the role.

  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  *li-y








