Salesforce 99--Senior-Product-Manager-Einstein.Ai.Txt




salesforce einstein.ai is looking for a senior product manager or to drive the mission of empowering a broad range of applications with intelligence, to democratize data science and to make it accessible to people without machine learning phds while solving for accuracy, usability and scale. the einstein.ai team specifically focuses on deep learning technology, salesforce research advances, and the use cases and applications that they empower. it may be the most challenging, and yet the most fulfilling, product management opportunity in the world because you will be: working with sfdc's most cutting edge data science researchers and engineers
this role involves dreaming up and defining the deep learning technology roadmap that we will productize through our apis and integrations with salesforce's crm applications.
defining amazing platform product experience for developers and data scientists

you will need to learn a lot, quickly. we have a very unique set of problems, ranging from engineering to machine learning to product to business. engineers do not operate in a vacuum and you will need to be the person who paints the product vision and user stories.
communicating with stakeholders of all kind of backgrounds

you will be attending a lot of internal and external meetings and cross-functional communication is essential for our success. data science products involve complicated and specialized concepts that are not readily understood by all stakeholders (business domain experts, engineering, other product groups at salesforce). you will be a strong communicator with the ability to synthesize, summarize, and extract the essence of what matters for each stakeholder. you will also be selling the product vision, a lot, in ways that people can receive well.
doing things that really matters

we are like a small startup that needs to scale to thousands of customers from day 1. you will be the architect of the entire process for making this train run smoothly and on time. you will be involved in all aspects of the product lifecycle from ideas through customization validation, prioritization, product development, business development, pre- and post product marketing.
more reasons to join:

we believe in hiring the best and growing our talent to become a more effective team. our technical challenges are some of the hardest around, and we're pushing new paradigms in software, design and data science. people - you will get to work with truly some of the best people and hopefully learn a lot challenge - our team has experience working in some of the most famous companies in the world, and none of us ever faced the challenges that we are solving for now. spotlight - dreamforce is the largest technology conference in the world (170,000 attendees in 2015). and our work will be on the center stage. perks - we compete with the best here.
this is what you need to bring: as to be expected in a startup-like environment, the scope of this position will evolve continuously. comfort with ambiguity is required. below is a partial representation of what may be included in the product manager's typical requirements:
experience - the only way to learn people leadership, is by experience. we will need you to bring that experience. you should have both strong technical understanding in data science / machine learning as well as demonstrated experience in working with engineers, business users and executives. product design: drive product requirement based on demands and feedback from multiple channels, set priorities based on both short and long term objectives, then convert needs to concrete product phases and actionable deliverables. engineering engagement: work very closely with engineers and data scientists to make sure things are delivered well in timely manner, understanding the technical limitation and trade-offs in order to optimize product design market analysis: assess existing solutions and relevant products on the market. keep an eye on latest data science product trends. a successful pm will become an expert in understanding the deep learning and advanced machine learning domain, market trends, and latest ai developments organizational leadership: work with internal and external customers and engineering teams to remove all roadblocks and deliver product requirements. communicate constantly so all stakeholders are aligned, have context, and understand success metrics.
experience/skills required:

leadership dna - proven ability to set a vision, excite and lead a cross-functional engineering team. history of entrepreneurial experience or 1-5 years of product management or 3-7 years of machine learning domain specific product experience. strong organizational, project management, written and oral communication skills. knowledge of deep learning market landscape, tools available, and latest ml advances comfort in high-level business discussions with internal and external executives. proven ability to deliver on commitments. ability to lead and work autonomously. ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment. strong troubleshooting and project management skills. bachelor's degree (technical disciplines preferred).
experience/skills desired:

experience managing developer tools, data analytics products, or enterprise software experience with apis is a strong plus. working knowledge of salesforce products and machine learning techniques strong user experience/design sense, with a record of building great products. experience with agile development methodologies like scrum is a plus. understanding of software and platform architectures is a plus. mba or advanced degree is a plus.








