Salesforce 151--Hardware-Procurement-Oem-Manager.Txt




location: us - california - san francisco (hq) salesforce will consider for employment, qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the san francisco fair chance ordinance. the  hardware oem manager  is an individual contributor who is responsible for developing and executing sourcing strategies as well as recommending product innovations based on improving technology.   this individual will negotiate, administer, and manage the full range of commercial contracts focusing on infrastructure-related, and data center-related initiatives associated with the procurement of server and storage hardware. the oem analyst will also manage the overall business-to-business relationships between salesforce and the supplier through day-to-day interactions and supplier business reviews, while achieving cost-effective procurement decisions for the company. this position is located in san francisco, ca, reporting into the director of data center and hardware. performance objectives: ·       knowledge of hardware business operations and ability to find efficiency gains ·       understanding of manufacturing and cost modeling of products ·       good understanding of server hardware specifications at a component level. ·       understanding business contract law, and experience with negotiating contracts for the procurement of hardware. ·       documented results with implementing standard procurement best practices, building strong relationships with internal customers and suppliers, and consulting on procurement best practices for cross-functional project teams. ·       utilize rfi (request for information), rfp (request for proposal), and rfq (request for quote) techniques to identify, select, and engage with suppliers to ensure competitive market advantage. direct and implement supplier-sourcing strategies to ensure high quality, on time delivery, and cost competitiveness. ·       implement proactive procurement philosophies, strategies, policies, procedures, and systems. ·       influence cross-functional organizations while enhancing strong internal relationships in order to meet business requirements and cost objectives. ·       advise internal customers on value-added approaches to supply base solutions. position requirements: ·       ba/bs degree in supply chain management, or engineering, plus 3-4 years experience or equivalent. ·       a technical education, or deep technical knowledge about server hardware specifications and server hardware components is a must. ·       experience in sourcing processes (i.e., rfx development and execution) and reviewing, analyzing, drafting and negotiating contract terms with respect to major projects of medium/high complexity. ·       strong presentation skills with the ability to analyze and explain pricing models and contract terms. ·       strong understanding of legal concepts as related to contract negotiations. ·       excellent written and verbal communication skills and strong interpersonal skills. ·       excellent relationship management skills, as well as the ability to work collaboratively with suppliers, and internal business customer, and senior management.  ·       work well under pressure, ability to multitask and skilled time manager that is comfortable working under minimal supervision ·       manufacturing experience is a plus








