Salesforce 173--Account-Executive-Enterprise-Corporate-Sales---Healthcare-&-Life-Sciences.Txt




salesforce provides a compelling opportunity for sales professionals with a proven track record exceeding quota in technology sales. our goal is to build an organization of intelligent, ambitious, account executives committed to our vision of changing the software landscape. with 95% customer satisfaction, a best-in-class crm/sales force automation tool that reps love to use, and a fiercely loyal customer base, it's a powerful combination for sales success. top sales talent across the world join us for or our "change the world” mentality; the opportunity to excel in a fast-paced, performance-based, team atmosphere. job description: the account executive, enterprise corporate sales, healthcare & life sciences role could be the right fit for you at salesforce. we are currently looking for high-energy, high-energy, driven account executives with relevant knowledge in the healthcare, pharmaceutical or medical device industries with experience in value-driven sales. ideal candidates should possess strong b2b sales and account management experience selling to the senior executive level. salesforce offers a fast-paced, innovative environment where you will be provided the tools, resources, and outstanding leadership to sell business application solutions. salesforce offers a fast-paced, innovative environment where you will be empowered to sell business applications solutions and be set up for success. our goal is to build an organization of smart, ambitious account executives, committed to our mission and focused on winning, but able to balance this with a respectful, healthy environment and lifestyle. at salesforce, integrity and reliability are as important as talent and effort. responsibilities: as part of our enterprise commercial sales team you will be selling to our top accounts and working with fortune 500 caliber clients.  you will execute on the account plan to deliver maximum revenue potential.  manage complete and complex sales-cycles often presenting to c-level executives the value of our full suite of applications.  forecast sales activity and revenue achievement salesforce, while creating satisfied customers.  evangelize the salesforce vision through product demonstrations, in-market events, and account specific initiatives. required experience:
4+ years of quota carrying software or technology sales and account management experience.    experience managing the sales cycle from business champion to c level track record of over-achieving quota (top 10-20% of company) in past positions.    experience managing and closing complex sales-cycles- demonstrated ownership of all aspects of territory management
preferred experience:

technology sales experience selling into the healthcare, pharmaceutical or medical device industries  previous sales methodology training, crm experience and strong customer references  strong computer skills, including salesforce, microsoft word, powerpoint and excel bachelor or university degree strongly preferred









