Salesforce 335--Director-Of-Data-Science-Salesforce.Org.Txt




director of data science, salesforce.org   everyone who wants to change the world should have the tools and technology to do so. technology is the most powerful equalizer of our time, providing access to data, knowledge, and—above all— connections . salesforce.org gets our technology in the hands of nonprofits and educators so they can connect with others and do more good. as a social enterprise, the more missions our technology supports, the more we invest back into technology and communities, creating an endless circle of good.   if working every day to support this vision sounds like something you'd be interested in doing, then we'd like to talk to you.  we're looking for an experienced data scientist to join our fast-growing team, someone who's willing to dive in head-first, support and protect our culture, respect our people, keep trust first and foremost, and help establish and build a world class data science practice at salesforce.org. the director of data science within salesforce.org product delivery will have a strong background in theoretical and practical aspects of machine learning, statistics and related areas, and will be passionate about solving complex data science problems that help improve the way people collaborate and discover information. this person will play a leading role in incorporating artificial intelligence throughout salesforce.org's products and services, including those within salesforce's einstein initiatives.    the ideal candidate will believe in the power of democratizing access to new technologies like machine learning.  they will enjoy being challenged, learning-by-doing, have excellent communication and people skills at their disposal as they build their team, and a pragmatic approach to practicing their craft. the candidate will also attract employees who share our values and drive towards taking action and assuming responsibility alongside an agile team that operates in short aggressive release cycles. this director will report directly to the vp of product delivery.    responsibilities:
establishing and growing the data science practice across salesforce.org defining best practice and thought leadership around responsible data science  partnering across organizations, functions and teams to drive results  executing across development life-cycle:  formulation, modeling, evaluation, and deployment of data science features maintaining and fostering our culture by interviewing and hiring only the most qualified individuals with an eye towards diversity
experience and skills:

an advanced degree in a data science related field (e.g., statistics, computer science) or equivalent work experience. proven track record of translating real-world problems into successful data science projects. 3+ years of experience in machine learning, predictive modeling, nlp or experiment design experience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and project management to understand requirements, describe software product features, and technical designs must be able to write solid code in python familiarity with a variety of deployment environment, especially heroku and aws good understanding of sql language and be able to write programs to extract and transform data from relational databases, salesforce or other sources such as hadoop/hbase. comfortable working with hadoop and related tools such as hbase, hive, spark platform etc. ability to work with geographically distributed teams experience with data visualization and usage of visualizations to articulate and clarify findings industry knowledge in higher education or nonprofits a plus











