Salesforce 350--Senior_Lead-Software-Engineer-Enterprise-Api.Txt




software engineer, enterprise api locations: san francisco or seattle

we are looking for experienced, hands-on software developer to define and implement our applications, platform, and core infrastructure. everything we develop runs at cloud scale, supporting hundreds of millions of requests through our api and our ui. this creates technical challenges that require innovation at scale. a large part of our architecture is driven by metadata in our multi-tenant environment. the api team at  salesforce.com  is looking for an experienced developer to help architect the next generation of web services api for the  force.com  platform. the api currently serves over half of all traffic for the  salesforce.com  ecosystem, with billions of transactions a month, over a trillion records a month, across 30+ versions of api endpoints and formats. while much of our traffic is typical, synchronous rest or soap calls, we also have a flexible, native query language interface - soql, streaming real time apis, composite apis suitable for mobile clients, asynchronous bulk apis for large-scale data ingest.etc. additionally we actively participate in standards setting bodies such as openapi. lastly, we are responsible for ensuring api performance at-scale across several infrastructure services: multiple data stores, app servers, proxy and caching servers, networking, etc. while you'll be directly responsible for delivering reliable, high volume web services, you'll also be defining and evangelizing the api first philosophy for all development teams at  salesforce.com . this includes technical and architectural reviews for many teams, cross functional product reviews with product managers and customers, releasing generic api frameworks, and api design guidelines for new and existing products. responsibilities: · architect, design, implement and tune robust features that perform at scale in a multi-tenant environment  · define and evangelize api frameworks and best practices for api development for all  salesforce.com · work across the organization to review and define new api services · resolve technical issues in existing applications  required experience/skills: · deep knowledge of rest and the http protocol  · deep knowledge of java and related technologies · experience building highly scalable, distributed systems  · good knowledge of sql and relational database programming  · multiple years of experience in software design · ability to work on multiple projects against deadlines · bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent experience · 7+ years of industry experience desired experience/skills: · soap / xml / json · encryption / ssl / oauth · pl/sql and oracle tuning experience

  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  *li-y








