Salesforce 20--Compensation-Operations-Sr-Analyst.Txt




position:  compensation operations senior analyst location:  san francisco, ca  type:  full-time about salesforce: salesforce is the global leader in customer relationship management (crm) software. we pioneered the shift to cloud computing, and today we're delivering the next generation of social, mobile and cloud technologies that help companies revolutionize the way they sell, service, market and innovate–and become customer companies. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, the world's most innovative company according to forbes and one of fortune's 100 best companies to work for. our more human, less corporate culture is built around doing work that matters, winning as a team and celebrating success aloha-style.   compensation operations analyst: we're looking for a senior compensation operations analyst to join our team as we scale to support rapid business growth. our ideal candidate will have experience with compensation but a passion for operations; he or she wants to understand how all of the puzzle pieces fit together to solve for scale and a world class employee experience.    responsibilities:


support the deployment of our global compensation programs including our merit review, stock refresh, and bonus planning.

partner with team members to ensure our compensation tools are optimized for high growth and scalability.

responsible for creating and maintaining compensation reporting and dashboards.

responsible for the set- up and administration of our market pricing platform

complete annual salary surveys

ensure flawless data integrity in our tools and mentor colleagues within employee success and in the business on the importance and downstream impacts of key data elements.

look for opportunities to leverage technology to minimize data issues and manual work that cannot scale.

put innovation at the forefront of everything we do. continuously look for process improvements and think outside the box.

use business savvy and proactive thinking to ensure we're always one step ahead of what is coming next.

maintain compliance with all audit requirements and sox controls.

support the setup of new jobs and job families, ensuring that we don't complicate the structure with redundancy.

participate in special projects as needed with enthusiasm and desire for professional development.

act as a subject matter expert on our compensation programs and practices and represent the team with groups internal to employee success and in the business.

proactively identify and raise awareness about concerns or risks and participate in resolving them.





minimum of 7 years of work experience in compensation or a related hr field.

advanced skills in ms excel and ms access.

comfortable with various hr technologies. workday and workscape experience a significant plus.

bachelor's degree.

outstanding communication (written and verbal), organizational, problem solving skills.

flawless eye for detail.

comfortable working in an environment where operating "in the gray area” is not uncommon.

ability to multi-task and prioritize while managing tight deadlines.

perform well under pressure, work independently and as a part of a team in a fast paced environment.

self-motivated and able to take a request and run with it under minimal direction and supervision.

flexible and able to quickly change course when the needs of the business and our team shift direction or accelerate delivery.

comfortable handling highly confidential employee data on a regular basis.




good business acumen and awareness of business trends in compensation and/or hr technology.

financial and technical aptitude.

high tech industry experience preferred

analytical mindset with ability to use data to tell a story.









