Salesforce 131--Success-Manager-Financial-Services-Industry.Txt




the success manager - director will act as a trusted advisor to our most strategic customers, ultimately responsible for ensuring their success. the success manager - director leverages deep business and industry knowledge to partner with customers to help them accelerate business value and roi from your investment with salesforce. you will align at the executive level, building and maintaining strong relationships to help customers progress on their transformation journey. in this role, you will be responsible for driving customer adoption and success by providing governance advice, usage/adoption recommendations, risk identification and mitigation in industry context. the end result is increased customer satisfaction, value, retention, and ultimately expansion of the salesforce' s footprint. responsibiliti es: · responsible for customers achieving the maximum possible value they can with salesforce, ensuring that they utilize all of their licenses and achieve their objectives while minimizing risk, identifying new opportunities and collaborating with sales/renewal teams to ensure full renewal and continued growth. · working with your account team, lead c-level stakeholders towards identifying their vision by evangelizing the capabilities of  salesforce.com  across all of our clouds (sales, service, community, analytics, marketing, platform) · where appropriate, partner with the customer to establish a transformational business roadmap/blueprint to ensure achievement of business goals. · working collaboratively with your account team and salesforce execs, effectively network within accounts from the c-level down in order to achieve successful execution of the customer's strategy and roadmap · develop a comprehensive understanding of typical business challenges faced by customers and common objectives to appropriately map  salesforce.com  features and associated business benefits to address their needs. · coach customers to on how to establish and manage their change management/governance/centre of excellence programs. · identify risks to the customer achieving their stated business goals and work with the account team to build a risk mitigation plan or escalate as needed. · you will help prescribe the right cloud services resources (accelerators/specialists, advisory services, strategic projects, mission critical support and more) to be successful. · coach customers to ensure they are leveraging all available salesforce success resources eg. help & training, communities, user groups, webinars etc. · serve as a customer advocate in driving industry best practices and the evolution of  salesforce.com  product and platform functionality, courses and administrative services integral to the customer's success. · develop and maintain long-term relationships with stakeholders in your account portfolio, where appropriate, by networking between customers, partners, and  salesforce.com . · contribute thought leadership and best practice, both internally and externally, around business transformation. · develop deep strategic advisory skills in an organization that is very supportive of personal development minimum qualifications: · ba/bs degree · minimum 12 years relevant work experience · executive-level communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to effectively navigate and mediate conflict and foster honest dialog · strong consulting skills and proven results working as a trusted advisor to drive business value for clients or stakeholders · ability to prioritize, multi-task, and perform effectively under pressure · strong knowledge of business processes (sales, marketing, service, support), business applications and automation preferred qualifications: · strongly prefer existing knowledge of  salesforce.com  product and platform features, capabilities, and best use. · credible and effective c-level advisor and coach, especially around change management (cultural, technical and business) · experience implementing customer relationship management solutions (crm) or other complex it projects within large enterprises. · skilled at program management within large organizations, helping to effectively drive change across groups by engaging key stakeholders · proven effectiveness at leading and facilitating executive meetings and workshops · experience with account portfolio planning and prioritization · familiarity with cloud computing technologies, concepts and benefits. · working knowledge of the software development process and of software design · flexibility for travel (approx 20%) · highly beneficial to have any  salesforce.com  product certifications prior to joining. it is expected that you will gain the following certifications as part of the role requirement and onboarding process in the first 6 months:

certified administrator sales cloud consultant service cloud consultant
  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 








