Salesforce 308--Lead-Solution-Engineer-Enterprise.Txt




lead solution engineer  what if you were empowered to solve the most complex business problems that fortune 500 companies face today? what if you had the best social and mobile cloud technology stack to achieve that goal? what if you could work for a company that believes that top line growth is as important as giving back to the community? what if you could work alongside the best and brightest in the industry to craft innovative solutions and transformational strategies? all this in a driven, collaborative and rewarding environment… sounds like fiction, you say? absolutely not! here at salesforce, we call it #dreamjob! description: the lead solution engineer is responsible for presenting product offerings and architecture in the best light to prospects and customers, to evoke confidence in company's technology infrastructure, and removing all technical objections in the sales cycle. to accomplish this, the solution engineer must have a strong desire to leverage their technical and/or sales skills, including the ability to solicit business requirements, develop a technical sales strategy, configure and effectively demonstrate the solutions that address these requirements and provide business value. your impact:
understand the customer need and establish company's product as the best solution that addresses that need build and present customized demos present companies technology infrastructure, including demonstrating deep familiarity with companies hardware, software, networking and security stack participate in all appropriate product, sales, and procedural training and certification to acquire and maintain the knowledge necessary to be effective in the position attain quarterly and annual objectives assigned by management respond effectively to rfps

b.s. computer science, software engineering, mis or equivalent work experience previous experience as a solution/sales engineer for a crm company or similar technology knowledge of related applications, relational database and web technology basic programming experience in html and other web based technologies solid oral, written, presentation and interpersonal communication skills ability to work as part of a team to solve technical problems in varied political environments ability to travel domestically
  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.   *li-y








