Salesforce 79--Commercial-Market-Cpq-Account-Executive.Txt




job title: account executive, commercial market – salesforce cpq department description: as part of salesforce, salesforce cpq extends the salesforce sales cloud with fully integrated quote-to- cash capabilities that include salesforce cpq and salesforce billing apps, delivered 100 percent natively on the salesforce platform. salesforce cpq has a talented team with unmatched cloud computing experience and a unique culture, totally focused on taking good care of our customers, partners, and employees. join us!   role description :   we are currently looking for high-energy, driven account executives with knowledge of technology and solid business-to- business sales. the ideal candidate will be responsible for managing a lucrative territory, finding and closing new customers and generating revenue while achieving individual goals. this individual will be a valuable contributor to the sales team with growth opportunities into our sr. account executive roles and sales management . the quote to cash space is red hot and we have the cutting edge, 100% salesforce.com native solution with 1500+ customers. we're growing fast and need to expand our team to meet demand.. if you are a proven performer and missed the boat to go big before, this is your chance to make it up. up and coming talent is encourage to apply, but you must be a proven performer in your previous roles.    your impact:
finding and closing business in our commercial business segment within a geographic territory demonstrating our product and working with a broader team to meet the needs of each prospect. reporting on sales activity and forecast in salesforce.com managing a fast, intricate sales cycles in a team selling environment we believe in having fun as we succeed!
position requirements:

bachelor's degree preferred 6+ years of quota carrying software or technology sales as an individual contributor proven record of sales success hands on sales style including initial demonstrations of the product experience selling in the salesforce.com ecosystem excellent presentation and listening skills strong and demonstrated written and verbal communication skills  strong prospecting and networking skills must be able to thrive and adapt to change in a very fast paced environment strong computer skills, including salesforce excellent follow up skills and professionalism high energy and a positive attitude working knowledge of cpq a plus
*li-qs








