Salesforce 27--Corporate-Counsel-Technology-Transactions.Txt




corporate counsel, technology transactions san francisco, ca about salesforce:

  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company" six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for" nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 



description: the salesforce legal team delivers innovative, trusted and world-class legal services to advance and protect salesforce's interests while creating a fulfilling work environment for our legal family. this corporate counsel will play a key role in supporting salesforce's global procurement/sourcing organization in structuring inbound transactions, and drafting and negotiating procurement agreements with a focus on salesforce's dynamic inbound technology practice.  responsibilities:

negotiate and draft salesforce vendor cloud, hardware, data aggregator, and software agreements. partner internally within the salesforce legal & corporate affairs department to ensure that privacy, intellectual property, and compliance provisions are consistent with salesforce best practices and positions. partner with sourcing, accounting, technology infrastructure, security, and other stakeholder teams to ensure agreements are consistent with internal corporate policies and processes.


undergraduate degree and a law degree. 5-10 years combined experience in law firm or in-house legal department including experience negotiating and drafting technology cloud, hardware, professional services, and software agreements. excellent written and oral communication and negotiation skills. highly responsive and service-oriented attitude. ability to organize, prioritize, and manage deadlines in a fast-paced and demanding work environment. ability to maintain strong working relationships with demanding internal clients. familiarity with, or willingness to learn, technical concepts. sound and practical business judgment.

desired skills/ experience:

substantive expertise in technology transactions, particularly in hardware transactions. substantial experience in supporting procurement departments as an internal client. flexibility, resilience and a desire to learn and grow. a sense of fun and humor.











