Salesforce 311--Senior-Software-Engineer.Txt




software engineer(senior/lead/principal) - infrastructure about compute infrastructure

the salesforce platform hosts web services and applications written by thousands of internal developers and tens of thousands of customers to provide the largest business automation cloud on the planet. we are building the next generation of web-scale, massively distributed core platforms and services that enable this innovation and value for the future.

salesforce is growing the autonomous deployments team that is building the next generation of service management and deployments for microservices, containers, virtual machines and bare metal.



build highly scalable backend infrastructure services using python, java and container technologies like docker / rkt

build and develop tools for large-scale distributed systems spanning dozens of data centers and tens of thousands of machines.

designing a highly scalable platform for declarative operations for various areas in the production infrastructure

work across teams/clouds/domains and touching all the infrastructure systems for better alignment as a team.



work closely with the open-source community. the community gave to us, it's only right that you contribute back changes and enhancements.




minimum of 5+ years of development experience

experience with one of (python, java, c++, go) in a linux/unix data center environment.

experience with agile development methodology and test-driven development.

experience building resilient services which utilize telemetry and metrics to drive operational excellence.

bachelor's degree in cs or any engineering discipline.




experience with ci/cd systems and large-scale deployment systems.

familiarity with principles of building reliable, self-healing services on unreliable hardware.

experience and ability in mentoring junior team members. 	 	 	   these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 










