Salesforce 233--Strategic-Account-Executive-Enterprise-Market-Retail.Txt




job title:  strategic account executive, enterprise market, retail department description:   salesforce provides a compelling opportunity for sales professionals with a proven track record exceeding quota in technology sales. our goal is to build an organization of intelligent, ambitious, account executives committed to our vision of changing the software landscape. with 95% customer satisfaction, a best-in-class shopper success platform, and a fiercely loyal customer base, it's a powerful combination for sales success. top sales talent across the world join us for or our "change the world” mentality; the opportunity to excel in a fast-paced, performance-based, team atmosphere. your impact:  you will be responsible for generating new business into a blend of installed accounts and prospects. drive strategic, enterprise-wide crm sales initiatives within the walmart account. you must be able to forecast sales activity and revenue achievement while creating satisfied customers that can be referenced in future sales cycles. salesforce offers a very competitive compensation plan with accelerating commissions and tremendous upside earnings potential that has no cap. responsibilities: • generate business opportunities through professional networking and cold-calling • drive brand awareness, campaigns, and lead generation via networking, associations, etc. • meet and exceed all quarterly and annual sales quotas. • own the sales cycle - from lead generation to closure. • develop and execute a strategic account plan. • maintain account and opportunity forecasting within our internal salesforce crm • ensure 100% customer satisfaction and retention requirements:
10+ years of solution sales experience selling crm, erp, or similar business applications to large, complex enterprise organizations strong track record and history of carrying and exceeding a sales quota strong  account planning and execution skills

ability to sell c-level and across both it and business units passion and commitment for customer success strong technical aptitude ability to sell both an application and deployment of a platform proven consultative sales solution skills, including the ability to articulate a clear, concise return on investment value statement. consistent overachievement of quota and revenue goals w/ a strong w2 track record proven consultative sales solution skills, including the ability to articulate a clear, concise return on investment value statement. ability to maintain a high level of productivity, manage multiple competing priorities, and work effectively under the pressure of time constraints in a fast-paced, complex, collaborative, and team-oriented environment bachelor's degree or equivalent experience
 the company was founded on three disruptive ideas—a new technology model in cloud computing, a pay-as-you-go business model and a new integrated corporate philanthropy model. these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes world's most innovative company five years in a row and one of fortune 100 best companies to work for eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 








