Salesforce 112--Senior-Manager-Trailblazer-Community-Marketing.Txt




role: senior manager, trailblazer community marketing location: san francisco, ca (hq) about: the senior manager, trailblazer community marketing is a new role on the trailhead marketing team. this team is driven by heartfelt purpose to improve the world. by making it easy and fun for anyone, from any walk of life, learn salesforce and get engaged in the most incredible professional community in the world. we're looking for a special candidate who has deep expertise in cross-functional product marketing, campaigns, content, and community marketing to help us deliver unprecedented growth for the trailblazer community. we need a startup-minded, do-it-all marketer to help build the foundation for an incredible growth engine. candidate profile. is this you?
you know salesforce – as an experienced admin, user, community member, and event attendee. storytelling is your favorite thing and it shows in how you write, create awesome decks, present, etc. you love to build community through smart inbound marketing and no-fluff demand gen. social and community are in your dna…you live out loud on twitter, facebook, etc. professionally and personally. you can juggle developing strategy, brainstorming big ideas,  and  executing all your great ideas. you have a passion for innovation and drive to improve things – status quo isn't in your dictionary. you are numbers driven to the core.

develop cohesive messaging and a brand system for internal and external awareness. collaborate cross-functionally to build integrated campaigns to generate awareness and community participation. develop nurture journeys, email campaigns, newsletters and event promos. build and maintain an incredible organic inbound marketing engine to get community-driven content and programs mass exposure. collaborate with the trailhead, admin, and dev marketing teams to create and deliver connected internal communications to drive inside-out awareness. manage internal and external creative teams to build top notch creative assets. analyze and report on the success of campaigns and community growth. write or ghost-write regular blogs about success community milestones. help manage the swag-o-rama that goes with a super engaged community. contribute to killer live event and virtual experiences for community members.
required skills/systems experience (stack ranked):

7-8 years of high-tech product marketing, campaigns, and content marketing experience, examples, and results. experience as a salesforce admin or developer a huge plus, experience as a customer is required. salesforce marketing cloud and/or other social/marketing automation tools. know and love keynote, google slides and powerpoint. omniture or similar traffic analysis tools.








