Salesforce 123--Senior-Communications-Lead.Txt




job title:  senior communications lead location:  san francisco
with the rate of salesforce's growth, our internal communications are critical to maintain our culture of transparency and to keep our global employees across the company informed about the systems they use to do their jobs. we are looking for a dynamic communications leader who will be responsible for developing, leading, and executing internal communications strategies and campaigns for key it initiatives that drive adoption of internal systems and enable employees to be successful through technology. the senior communications lead is experienced in crafting strategies and writing for the end user: work closely with subject matter experts to quickly learn technical information, gain understanding of change impacts, and create effective materials to enable employees through change.




develop, lead, and execute integrated communications strategies and campaigns for internal initiatives and across the lifecycle of the project.

partner with business and technical stakeholders, team members, and executives to develop messaging and communications plans.

process technical information, business processes, and feedback to write compelling, clear, and user-friendly communications that prepare and enable employees for change, mobilize them to action, and excite them about our technology vision.

implement awareness campaigns to increase employee's confidence that they are well informed about system launches and the technology services.

create and lead internal and executive communication efforts that represent the it community in executive meetings, committees, and internal company events.

ensure writing and style standards are met and partner with corporate communications to follow corporate and branding guidelines.

use digital tools to strategically communicate across multiple channels.

track strategy and campaign results in alignment with project goals.


experience/skills required


proven track record of success: 6-8 years of experience in communications or related role

change management, customer advocacy, and enablement is at the forefront of your strategy and delivery

passion for communication that inspires your team and peers

excellent listening, verbal and written communication skills (both technical and creative)

proven creative, versatile, and strategic thinker who can independently generate and execute on innovative ideas

self-starter with a problem-solver mindset and proven track record performing well in a fast-paced dynamic environment with tight deadlines and changing priorities; ability to be flexible and resilient

excellent project management and risk management skills and versed in change management methodology

knows the business - understands the time to execute product and the capacity of the team

communicates up, across, and within the team with clarity and purpose

builds relationships to easily navigate a cross-functional, matrix environment

experience with social media and its impact to internal projects

ability to multi-task across multiple concurrent projects and learn new applications quickly


note: successful candidates must be able to show samples of their work
  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.     *li-y








