Salesforce 46--Technology-Associate-Internal-Audit.Txt




role:  technology associate, internal audit location:  san francisco, ca internal audit at salesforce: who we are and what we do at salesforce, internal audit is an independent function that helps the business achieve its goals. we do this via strategic audits that drive change. think of us like that trusted advisor you call to work through a problem. it's kind of like that - we report to the audit committee, and we proactively work with teams across the company to make our technology and operations better. we're mainly a business and technology operations audit team; we don't manage any of salesforce's compliance programs. internal audit technology pillar we're in the process of building out our internal audit technology team. within internal audit, the technology pillar is the team that is focused on assessing technology, operational, and product risks through collaboration with engineering, r&amp;d, security, and corporate it. you'll be reporting directly to one of the ia managers from the technology pillar, but will have chances to work with the greater ia team. what is a technology associate? you probably come with some technical background, but understanding audit concepts is a new beast. your primary responsibility is to learn your job, understand the objectives and processes of audit, and ask a ton of questions (about everything ... and we mean everything). you&#39;ll generally be helping define and execute on the test steps required to complete an audit, with guidance from the manager you work with. you will learn, through mentoring with your peers and managers, the role of an internal audit shop, how we help the company, and the phases required to complete an audit. typical responsibilities for a technology associate:  ● assist in the execution of technology audits  ● help develop and execute test plans for assigned audit areas  ● participate in other audits and special projects as assigned  ● keep up to date with salesforce's rapidly evolving technology and product landscape  ● build relationships and working with process owners to understand and analyze processes they own  ● identify opportunities for risk mitigation and process improvements  ● provide input to the annual risk assessment and ongoing risk management process, and contribute to building the annual project plans sounds like a lot? don't worry. we offer plenty of personal benefits and perks, including a generous amount of pto, to make sure you have the outlets you need to recharge your batteries. what it takes to be successful at this role you generally will need to have the following characteristics and experience:  ● a bachelor's degree or equivalent that shows a grounding in the technical concepts of software development or engineering  ● strong analytical, data analysis, and problem solving skills, including a strong attention to detail (e.g., you'll have had experience or are comfortable working on problems that have a fair amount of ambiguity at the onset)  ● though we don't expect you to be an expert, we expect you to have a working knowledge of programming concepts, software development methods, distributed computing and how things can go wrong in these processes  ● aptitude and sense of curiosity for learning new things  ● solid communication skills (written, verbal, and listening)  ● exhibits high ethical standards at all times  ● enjoys being a member of a cohesive team  ● display a positive and collaborative attitude even under stressful situations additional skills that may be beneficial to this role:  ● work experience in a technical role (e.g. software development or engineering)  ● ability to think outside the box and challenge the status quo  ● proactive and a desire to contribute to the team  ● willingness to go above and beyond to deliver excellence  ● a passion for cloud computing and the customer company strategy while audit and consulting experience (as well as professional/technical certifications like cisa, cissp, salesforce, aws) might get you extra credit, they are in no way a requirement to be successful in this role. don't have all those qualities but think you have what it takes? apply anyway, and help us learn more about you. *li-y








