Salesforce 124--Product-Marketing-At-Salesforce.Txt




product marketing at salesforce at salesforce, our world class product marketers create and tell inspirational stories with cutting edge demonstrations to people around the world.  we develop product messaging and positioning, go to market programs, campaigns, events, and sales enablement.  we measure our success by our ability to develop creative and innovative marketing strategies and ability to gain c-level, it director and key buyers' mindshare.  our product marketing ohana consists of over 250 product marketers who define their talent by the product cloud they specialize in. with dozens of products to choose from, each pm has the opportunity to cultivate their career within a specialized space, while rubbing elbows with leadership, presenting in front of internal stakeholders, collaborating with our engineers and training our sales teams.  you will be responsible for defining a strategic platform narrative through the lens of customer stories and thought leadership content. you will live the customer journey and help inform and retell the magic of how salesforce has helped companies transform. you will align customer storytelling to position against the competition. successful candidates will have a passion for taking the complex and making it simple and for marketing through compelling stories. our positions range from associate to sr. director opportunities targeting product marketers with various backgrounds ranging from core product marketer, technical product marketers to industry experts (health care/retail/cpg). the below provides a taste of your day to day responsibilities. experience and level depending.  your impact:
partner closely with product management to understand the product strategy and develop top line customer narratives and compelling thought leadership content and customer stories. develop innovative marketing strategies to gain vp and c-level mindshare in it organizations. work with sales to inspire, motivate and ultimately win flagship brands through the sales cycle and generate the best customer stories in the business.  produce high fidelity externally facing content including thought leadership content, customer stories, webinars, data sheets, solution guides, and more for all funnel stages by partnering with the industry's leading creative team.  create compelling and easy to understand internally facing content including sales training, competitive positioning, faqs, and cheat sheets. work closely with cross-functional marketing teams to drive the business & product marketing strategy.  track, measure and report against objectives. drive an amazing launch cycle at our events, including our flagship dreamforce, that drives conversation forward. work directly with major partners and customers, in a global context, to drive market share and awareness. drive the creation of thought leadership content in the market. connect with customers, sales teams, & partners to show them their future. work closely with corporate marketing to execute innovative online marketing campaigns, seo, and web design. create sales tools that will assist the sales teams in all phases of the sales cycle.

4-10+ years experience in product marketing at a high tech company, or similar. mba a plus, but not required. dynamic, confident personality with ability to successfully define and drive project execution with minimal guidance amidst multiple priorities and goals. experience with business processes such as sales, ops, marketing, and customer support. experience with enterprise applications such as crm software, erp, customer service or homegrown solutions. proven track record of speaking in front of large internal, external, and global audiences. creative thinker that can generate innovative marketing ideas and lead a cross-functional team of stakeholders to drive execution. proven track record of crafting compelling positioning and thought leadership content. experience working with direct distribution (sales) teams and channel partners. hands-on ability to create a range of marketing assets, including viral on-message product demo videos and succinct slide pitch-decks. proven track record of launching and growing hit products. strong skills in communication, presenting, writing and ability to work well cross-functionally. proven track record in performing well in a fast-paced environment and organizational skills to manage multiple projects with tight deadlines effectively.
current open roles in product marketing:

director, employee communities - community cloud director, release marketing manager / sr. manager - platform manager / sr. manager - service cloud manager / sr. manager  - sales cloud manager - customer marketing technical marketing associate - analytics cloud
 we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, the world's most innovative company according to forbes, and one of fortune's 100 best companies to work for six years running. the growth, innovation, and aloha spirit of salesforce are driven by our incredible employees who thrive on delivering success for our customers while also finding time to give back through our 1/1/1 model, which leverages 1% of our time, equity, and product to improve communities around the world. salesforce is a team sport, and we play to win. join us!








