Salesforce 197--Employee-Relations-Analyst.Txt




title:  employee relations analyst location:  san francisco  summary

the employee relations  analyst provides performance management  support, within a  tier 2 shared services employee relations (er) function. leverages practices and processes to ensure consistent application of the performance improvement framework (pif), and ensures alignment to company policies and procedures while remaining true to salesforce culture.



provide a guidance to managers on performance management, the pif, and routine, low risk er matters.

guide and coach managers on addressing employee underperformance,, development and delivery of appropriate feedback and coaching;drafts coaching memo (cm) and performance improvement plan (pip) performance plans,  and other pif related documents.  performance plans.  evaluate appropriate level of corrective action and finalize documentation and recommend next steps.

partners with assigned employee relations manager regarding patterns of performance challenges within a department or other employee relations concerns that arise.

partner with managers to proactively improve performance utilizing data and patterns to guide action plans.

perform other er administrative duties as required

may conduct er fact-finding  in relation to performance management cases

consults with employee relations managers, esbps, salesforce legal counsel,, as necessary.

interpret and apply understanding of performance improvement framework, salesforce policies and practices, employment law, and other regulations to provide advice, guidance, and clarification for er inquiries.

leverage concierge knowledge to identify trends and recommend solutions for er-related matters to aide in tier 0 and tier 1 resolution

track, report and analyze case trends utilizing service cloud, a salesforce technology-based case management system.

manage or participate on special projects/programs requiring er stakeholder input.

evangelist of continued adoption of the shared services tier 2  er model.





minimum 3 years experience in human resources, including employee relations experience.

bachelor's degree or equivalent experience

prior experience with working in a centralized employee relations or human resource function preferred.

experience in coaching and influencing managers in performance improvement

ability to build, develop, implement and engage in new service delivery approaches

demonstrated ability to navigate successfully within ambiguity, multiple priorities and a constantly changing environment.

adept understanding of client motivations and business pain points; leverages inputs to influence business decisions,

experience working in a high volume, fast-paced environment, preferably in a high growth technology company.

ability to make decisions guided by policies, practices, procedures and business plan.

uses best practices and knowledge of internal or external business issues to improve delivery of services.

works independently and collaboratively; receives moderate guidance on day-to-day work and deliverables.









