Salesforce 128--Product-Designer-Industries.Txt




product designer, industries
at salesforce, we make the tools that help people work more effectively and efficiently. design and user experience is at the center of all of it. we put customers first and we're looking for ambitious, self-motivated, creative-minded individuals who want to help shape our products focused on industry specific solutions - currently financial services cloud and health cloud. you will be part of the industries product design team that brings powerful visions to life with the latest technologies and the salesforce platform. working closely with other product designers, product managers, and engineers you will be making our ideas tangible in order to better visualize and evaluate our solutions before the final execution phase where engineering will take it over the finish line. you crave complex challenges. what gets you fired up is putting pen to paper, sketching concepts, and capturing ideas. you distill complex problems and propose clear, efficient, consistent solutions. you're meticulous and excited about beautiful design, and you love seeing products ship. you're hungry for new ways to do things. you follow the latest trends, download the newest apps, experiment with the latest devices and wearables. you have a keen eye for useful products, and you share your findings with the team. you're a tireless advocate for the end user. you have deep empathy for their everyday struggles and challenges. you always put their needs first, and you're unwavering in your desire to provide the best experiences for users. the ideal candidate enjoys creating experiences with technology, hacking on new projects, and intensely working on high-value, strategic initiatives under tight time constraints. you will have direct access to customer executives and salesforce executive management, while working closely with the salesforce product and sales organizations. you must have excellent communication skills, energy, and thoughtfulness to build and deliver the best in the world for our customers. sound like you? then you're someone we want to work with. come join our amazing team and you'll be working with some of the best and brightest of silicon valley delivering great experiences to millions of end-users. help us transform some of the biggest industries on the globe. responsibilities:

solve complex ux design problems across web, mobile and tablet work with product owners/managers (pos & pms) to find opportunities for new products/features and validate assumptions through user testing and research communicate your ideas, sketches, flows, wireframes, prototypes, mocks, and overall design decisions to a variety of key non-design stakeholders create designs that adhere to and extend existing design language and style guides generate appropriate specs of final design and user flows that allow engineering to build accurately work with engineering to deliver final product help the design team reinforce a design thinking culture throughout the company
experience / skills required:

3+ years of relevant work experience in product design across web and mobile understanding of user-centered design principles and best practices knowledge of user testing and research methodologies, including their strengths and weaknesses and when to apply each during the product design/development process balancing great design with business goals and meeting tight deadlines producing results independently as well as collaboratively in a team successfully manage all aspects of a project from start to finish ability to function as a bridge across disciplines, such as design, product, engineering, and marketing self-motivated, good communicator, collaborative working style working knowledge of design tools such as sketch, photoshop, illustrator
bonus:

understanding of html, css, js for prototyping experience with crm or enterprise software
*please submit your resume and url's to your portfolio. submissions without a portfolio or samples of work will not be considered.  li - y








