Salesforce 302--Solution-Engineer---Retail-(Senior-Or-Lead).Txt




solution engineer - retail (senior or lead level)
description: do you want to be part of an amazing team that is selling into the worlds top retailers? come join us at salesforce enterprise retail solution engineering team. through collaboration with the customer, the products team, and professional services the solutions engineers develop unique solutions that help our customers connect with their customers in new ways. this unique perspective creates an opportunity for the se to interact with the entire customer lifecycle. if you enjoy a fast-paced environment full of interesting challenges and opportunities to create compelling solutions in retail then the enterprise retail se team is the department for you. the se world is a dynamic, ever changing environment where expertise in design, business consulting and technology is leveraged every day to drive innovation. the lead solution engineer is responsible for presenting product offerings and architecture in the best light to prospects and customers, to evoke confidence in company's technology infrastructure, and removing all technical objections in the sales cycle. to accomplish this, the solution engineer must have a strong desire to leverage their technical and/or sales skills, including the ability to solicit business requirements, develop a technical sales strategy, configure and effectively demonstrate the solutions that address these requirements and provide business value. your impact:
a solution engineer plays a pivotal role in aligning innovative retail strategies to technology solutions within enterprise strategic accounts. this role focuses on partnering with clients and collaborating with internal team members and c-level client contacts to drive consensus on multi-product technology solutions across the various salesforce product lines. solutions engineers work on a wide array of assignments including business development, operations and it strategies, as well as executive level product demonstrations. this person must assume the role of trusted advisor for driving innovative solutions forward while also improving business performance. the solutions engineer focuses primarily in these areas:
business problem solving: take ambiguous and complex business problems and using research and business assessment capabilities, define the problem, drive innovative ideas, define the opportunity set, and recommend actionable next steps. innovation management: bring rigor to a client's decision making process by presenting and evaluating solution options, and driving consensus among key stakeholders. in some instances, we help our clients develop new decision frameworks and governance processes that continue to deliver value far beyond a particular engagement. connect experiences: demonstrate through software demos and rapid prototyping how connected experiences come to life with the salesforce solutions. this includes the delivery of executive level software demonstrations, construction of future state customer journey strategies, and developing long term it roadmaps.
industry understanding & experience: have considerable knowledge and experience working with retail accounts. the se will need to be comfortable discussing the challenges and needs of this industry with c-level executives. credibility and trust is a salesforce core characteristic and our vertical customers expect engagement in their language and terms with focus on their unique needs. "solutioning" is fundamental to the retail se role. it is important to realize that a component of the responsibilities will include assisting the customer, account executive and professional services team with the discovery, analysis and ultimately the recommendation of strategic solutions for the customer by delivering visionary pitches based in live product demonstrations to validate. these solutions will leverage all of the salesforce technologies to address the core challenges and objectives that are uniquely identified for each customer.

b.s. computer science, software engineering, mis or equivalent work experience experience selling into or working with enterprise retail clients preferred previous experience as a sales engineer for a crm company or similar technology salesforce experience preferred knowledge of related applications, relational database and web technology solid oral, written, presentation and interpersonal communication skills ability to work as part of a team to solve technical problems in varied political environments demonstrated success driving organizational change within client organizations ability to work with a broad team across multiple disciplines to help customers transform their business using the salesforce customer success platform analyze, structure, and negotiate long-term technology roadmap initiatives with clients and partners ability to understand, communicate and manage across the entire project lifecycle broad knowledge of technology trends and relevance to clients businesses in retail ability to travel domestically
  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  *li-y








