Salesforce 67--Strategic-Account-Manager---Service-Cloud.Txt




  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company" five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for" eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  opportunity to join salesforce!!! senior strategic account manager, service cloud   we are currently looking for talented, hardworking individuals with great energy, leadership, and initiative to drive solutions sales for the fastest growing cloud at salesforce -- the ‘service cloud'.    the senior strategic account manager role focuses on selling solutions and use cases with our service cloud and digital customer engagement products.   you will be responsible for formulating and executing a solutions sales strategy for either enterprise or commercial segment accounts. this will include growing our value with the current customer base, and developing net new logo customer relationships.   we have open headcount in the following industry teams:
financial services – banking, insurance, wealth, capital markets health & life sciences – payer, pharma, med device, provider
this ‘coprime' role works in partnership with an extended team of sales and sales support professionals including: the ‘core' account executive responsible for selling all products into the account, the ‘core' solutions engineer, and other specialists from our industry, business value services, ignite transformation teams as well as our consulting / si partners.   the following characteristics are critical to this role:
large enterprise selling success – proven track record of ‘killing it' trusted advisor – experience developing this level of relationship with client executives / c-level  service / customer experience domain expertise - viewed as a ‘specialist' with high value-add to the salesforce selling effort and to help customers develop their vision, roadmap and solution initiatives industry vertical experience
early in the sales cycle, you will be responsible for developing ‘provocative points of view' on how we can compel customer executives to dive deeper with us and sponsor discovery and education activities with their teams. you will plan and execute pipeline generation events and campaigns with the support of an extended team of marketing and business development resources.  and, you will identify solution use cases that fit ‘whitespace' in your accounts.   mid sales cycle, you will lead deep dive discovery to confirm our value and align key stakeholders.  you will work with the extended team to prepare demonstrations that bring our value and transformational vision for the client to life.  you will learn customer stories of similar success to reinforce the reality of achieving success and our extraordinary time to value.  you will conduct executive briefings, customer dinners and other events to build relationships.  you will maintain accurate opportunity details, forecasts and be accountable for hitting your #, maintain account plans and close plans, over-communicate before and after meetings.   late in the sales cycle, you will take initiative to get it all done – insure an effective business value roi analysis is complete, define mutual success plans with clients, contribute to negotiations, insure exec sponsor alignment, all while doing the best work of your life.   if you are experienced at selling these solutions for a software company or consulting / si partner of a software company, contact us.   if you are a solutions engineer who fits the above and wants to focus on selling, contact us.     if you are an experienced consultant or senior consulting leader who fits the above and enjoys selling and client relationship development the most, contact us.    #amazingopportunity #salesforce #bestworkofourlives








