Salesforce 266--Sr.-Manager-Trailhead-Digital-Services.Txt




with over 4 million badges earned to-date, trailhead has reinvented the way people learn salesforce and is helping people get new skills and further their careers. we are looking for an audience-obsessed senior manager to manage day to day delivery of digital services and nurture programs via compelling email, web, and video assets. the trailhead audience, salesforce admins, developers, and users, are instrumental to the success of salesforce's customers, and by helping them adopt salesforce successfully and learn our latest technologies, we can help them succeed in their journeys. if you are passionate about leveraging qualitative and quantitative insights to truly understand your audience and have expertise in implementing effective engagement emails, landing pages, and online events, this is a unique opportunity to apply your skills. you must be able to work at the strategic level with internal stakeholders and senior management and execute them at the tactical level with the team. responsibilities
manage a team of digital marketers to deliver compelling email, webcasts, and landing pages be process oriented and maintain a steady flow of manageable workloads across the team via a kanban board manage the migration of trailhead digital services to marketing cloud envision and implement a high-impact lead nurturing strategy for trailhead to support growth goals identify and document metrics and kpis(key performance indicators) to focus on by working with various stakeholders on the trailhead team. collaborate with the web and social teams to integrate web and social media channels in audience nurture. create and manage a rolling 12-month plan for feedback-driven nurture forecast, track, and report nurture effectiveness metrics to stakeholders.
10+ years working in online, data-driven marketing environment 3-5 years of experience managing a technology-driven marketing team that delivered compelling results. good copywriting skills experience with cross-channel, lifecycle marketing campaigns to drive acquisition and engagement demonstrated ability to work cross-functionally experience leveraging behavioral data to design effective customer journeys previous experience with implementing marketing cloud is desirable
 we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, the world's most innovative company according to forbes, and one of fortune's 100 best companies to work for, for six years running! the growth, innovation, and spirit of salesforce are driven by our incredible employees who thrive on delivering success for our customers while also finding time to give back through our 1/1/1 model, which leverages 1% of our time, equity, and product to improve communities around the world. join us! salesforce.com is an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/cvs through this web site or directly to managers. salesforce.com does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. salesforce.com will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with salesforce.com.









