Salesforce 85--Senior-It-Application-Security-Architect.Txt




salesforce is seeking a professional to join its information security team. this is a technical hands-on director-level ic role which will work closely with business partners across it to: review security requirements, recommend architecture, and offer practical solutions.



as a sr. it security architect, you will be partnering with various business units in architectural design reviews to ensure the solution have adequate protection to mitigate security risks.


domain specific requirements: (min. 5+ years)

a successful candidate will have extensive secure development life-cycle & secure design patterns experiences in a large scale organizations.



provide directions, guidance, and support to development teams on how to secure on-perm and on-cloud's secure development, testing, integration, and deployment strategy

provide architecture guidance on securing application configuration, paas, and ci/cd, and protection environments.

address the security concerns such as security configuration monitoring and analysis across on-perms and disparate clouds.

enumerate controls for appropriate to the system and data classifications throughout different paas providers, and cloud based-solutions

provide rationalization of on-perms and on-clouds compliance requirements.

maintain knowledge of industry practice and standards



general requirements:


interpersonal skills to work closely with business units and ensure that security practices are integrated within their technology domains.

background in securing multi-tenant services, and/or architecting separation controls in cloud systems.

able to provide architectural guidance from high-level design to detailed (hands-on) implementation of security controls.

assist in drafting and reviewing company-wide it security strategy and action plans based on security risk and potential threats.

understanding of global security and privacy regulation (pci, iso, fedramp, hipaa, cjis, etc.)



qualifications / experiences:


9+ years of relevant work experience, including hands-on technical advisory and coding skills, and proven ability to contribute at both strategic and operational levels.

demonstrated technicality across a range of security disciplines.

ability to translate technical concepts into language for audiences.

a proven ability to build relationships with key stakeholders and business leaders.

bachelors in computer science or engineering with an emphasis in information security or a related field, or equivalent experience.



desired skills / experiences:


cissp (certified information system security professional) or equivalent

certification and/or expert experience in a major operating system.

proficiency in scripting languages: perl, python, powershell, ruby, etc

knowledgeable in security trends, products and tooling.


  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  *li-y








