Salesforce 73--Heroku--Senior-Product-Manager-_-Director-Of-Product-Management-Private-Spaces.Txt




heroku's mission is to create the fastest path for application developers to turn an idea into a production app of any scale. we want to remove every obstacle that slows down creative coders and let them focus on their customers' experience while leaving everything else to our service. today, heroku powers millions of apps ranging from personal hobby apps to internet top 100 apps. in aggregate we serve billions of requests per day. yet, it only takes minutes for a new developer to get the first app up and running, ready to serve customers.  heroku is one of the fastest growing businesses at salesforce.  we are looking for an experienced product manager to primarily work with our largest enterprise customers and represent their needs with our engineering team.  the role will be responsible for managing the private spaces product, which provides customers with their own single-tenant, network-isolated runtime environment. in the last few months we've released features critical for these customers to be successful, including vpc peering, hipaa and pci compliance.  while private spaces will be your main responsibility, you'll also collaborate on the definition of our future runtime environment (which extends beyond the private spaces product), as well as new/expanding heroku networking capabilities.  responsibilities:
create and prioritize 6 month private spaces feature roadmap, in tight collaboration with customer success, sales, and engineering identify opportunities to improve the private spaces customers' experience with the rest of the heroku platform, including our data services, dashboard, code deployment features, etc. weekly customer calls to understand needs and ensure happiness with the platform. prioritize those needs with engineering. prioritize a backlog of product improvements and make product decisions that balance tradeoffs collaborate with internal heroku and salesforce teams to understand the runtime capabilities they need to build new features work with product and engineering leadership to define the future vision of runtime (vision, customer segments to target, 12-24 month roadmap), as well as new networking capabilities
key competencies

strong technical ability. you are intimately familiar with modern software development practices used to build and deploy web and mobile applications. familiarity with cloud technologies: vpcs, vpn, dns, routing, container orchestration an understanding, or a willingness to learn very quickly, what large enterprise customers value in a cloud provider / paas solution 5+ years of product management or equivalent experience with demonstrated ability to discover opportunities, and then define and deliver products demonstrated ability to lead multidisciplinary teams and projects strong customer and stakeholder empathy. you must be not only the voice of the customer, but at various times the voice of marketing, finance, engineering, support and ops. you must be able to channel many points of view. proficiency in one or more programming languages — you'll probably have to build a demo or two: ruby, javascript/node.js, java, scala, python, php, go, etc. and/or related subject matter expertise comfortability working with a highly-distributed team the ability to say "no”. as a pm on runtime you will be at the heart of heroku's business, with a deluge of feature requests. you'll need very strong prioritization and diplomacy skills, as well as a strong backbone.








