Salesforce 362--Sr.-Manager-_-Director-Global-Recruitment-Marketing.Txt




global recruitment marketing leader



the recruitment marketing (sr. manager / director) will be responsible for digital, social, email and event marketing and advertising strategies to help salesforce attract top talent to join our team of nearly 30,000 amazing people working in locations around the world. in this role, your #1 priority is to execute on paid and organic campaigns that drive prospect pipeline for key talent segments working closely with the head of recruiting and recruiting leaders across all talent segments and geographies. we are looking for a proven innovator who lives in the trenches of recruitment marketing and advertising. if you are ready to take on the challenge of attracting top talent in some of the toughest talent segments and in the most competitive geographic markets, you are the person we need on our team!


work with your global team of segment marketing managers and recruiting leaders to build digital, social, email and event marketing and advertising strategies to generate targeted prospect pipeline for key talent segments, inclusive of strategy, execution, reporting and optimization. manage passive prospect nurturing newsletters and candidate re-engagement journey campaigns via email. work with segment marketing managers and recruiting leaders on best in class candidate experience for all segments and geographies. enable recruiters to nurture their networks and keep prospects warm with regularly refreshed 1:1 reachout templates and daily social content pushed via the ww recruiting social ambassador network. manage the salesforce careers pages and online candidate resource guides for all geographies. stay on the leading edge of recruitment marketing by doing competitive analysis and measuring your recruitment marketing success compared to the best in the industry.


7-10 years digital, social, email and event marketing and advertising experience experience working with global team of marketing managers solid knowledge and proven experience with recruitment focused content and campaigns on glassdoor, linkedin, indeed, facebook, twitter, instagram, snapchat, video platforms, and discussion forums deep knowledge of e-mail marketing best practices knowledge of live and virtual event management hands-on day-to-day tactical social execution (status updates, listening and analytics etc.) outrageously creative verbal, written, and visual communications and storytelling skills proven ability to work independently and manage a program with demanding day-to-day activities, while also thinking strategically and demonstrating attention to detail comfortable working in an environment with multiple competing priorities that requires agility and flexibility to move tactics forward instantaneously effective at influencing others to get strategic programs funded

  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  *li-y








