Salesforce 6--Summer-2018-Intern-Product-Security-Engineer.Txt




trust is the #1 company value at salesforce. our product security team ensures the security of our products and serves as subject matter experts for our r&d teams and appexchange partners to protect our customers' data in today's rapidly evolving threat landscape.  we are a team of curious minds that specialize in security research, penetration testing, and innovative tool development.  we evaluate a broad range of technologies including complex web applications, distributed processing, virtualized environments and isolation of untrusted code.   with the full backing of our executive leadership, you'll work closely with the technology organization and partners to evaluate the design and implementation of our product offerings, help create innovative security solutions for our products, and educate our teams on secure application development and emerging threats.   in addition, you will create new tools, conduct industry-leading research, and solve challenging technical problems on the forefront of application security.


perform black-box penetration testing and code reviews of our flagship services, product offerings and partners apps. implement the technology organization's security and privacy initiatives by participating in design reviews and threat modeling. participate in our incident response and vulnerability remediation efforts. perform cutting-edge applied research on new attacks and present new findings to both internal and external audiences. evaluate application security tools for internal consumption. develop new automation and tooling to improve our detection and prevention capabilities. ​develop secure code practices and provide hands-on training to developers and quality engineers.


b.s. / m.s. in computer science, electrical engineering or related experience. basic knowledge of security concepts based on relevant courses, self learning or past internships. familiarity with identifying and protecting against web application and web service security vulnerabilities including those found in the owasp top 10 and cwe top 25. relevant development experience in several of these languages: java, javascript / nodejs, ruby, .net, c / objective c, php, python. familiarity with the browser security model, crypto, and network security. solid understanding of application and networking fundamentals ​attacker mindset: passion for breaking all the things unbreakable.

preferred qualifications:


knowledge of  force.com  platform (apex, visualforce, aura…) and the salesforce application.


about futureforce university recruiting

salesforce's global university recruiting program is dedicated to attracting, retaining and cultivating next generation talent. our interns and new graduates work on real projects that affect how our business runs, giving them the opportunity to make a tangible impact on the future of our company. with offices all over the world, our recruits have the chance to collaborate and connect with fellow employees on a global scale. we offer job shadowing, mentorship programs, talent development courses, and much more. about salesforce

  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 








