Salesforce 298--Senior-Systems-Software-Engineer-(Golang).Txt




system software developer - resilience and self healing, distributed fault tolerant systems

company overview

salesforce is the global leader in customer relationship management (crm) software. we pioneered the shift to cloud computing, and today we're delivering the next generation of social, mobile and cloud technologies that help companies revolutionize the way they sell, service, market and innovate-and become customer companies. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, the world's most innovative company according to forbes and one of fortune's 100 best companies to work for. our more human, less corporate culture is built around doing work that matters, winning as a team and celebrating success aloha-style. ready to find your #dreamjob?


the team

we are defining the next generation of trusted enterprise computing in the cloud. we're a fast-paced, metrics driven team. we're highly collaborative and work across all areas of our technology stack. we live and breathe transactional systems, distributed systems and enterprise reliability, availability and scale

desired skills and experience.

the team is seeking a highly qualified and energetic senior/lead software engineer who will be responsible for working on development scalable, resilient and fault tolerant transactional and distributed systems. the senior/lead software engineer will be responsible both for design and hands-on implementation. desired skills:


experience developing scalable, resilient and fault tolerant transactional and distributed systems in enterprise production environments

highly skilled golang, c programmer in a unix/linux environmen t, with an understanding of modern object oriented programming techniques and design patterns

ability to learn quickly and deliver high quality code in a fast-paced, dynamic team environment

a meticulous and detailed oriented engineer, responsible for writing one's own functional and unit tests and help review and test teammates' code

familiar with agile development methodology and committed to continual improvement of team performance

effective communication, strong leadership skills, team player who is capable of mentoring and being mentored by others

inventive and creative; on task and able to deliver incrementally and on time


you should have 6+ years of professional experience, or a m.sc. in a relevant academic field and 4+ years of professional experience. experience with relational databases is a big plus. *li-y








