Salesforce 156--Vp-Product-Marketing-Philanthropy-Cloud---Salesforce.Org.Txt




everyone who wants to change the world should have the tools and technology to do so. technology is the most powerful equalizer of our time, providing access to data, knowledge, and--above all--connections. salesforce.org gets our technology in the hands of nonprofits and educators so they can connect with others and do more good. as a social enterprise, the more missions our technology supports, the more we invest back into technology and communities, creating an endless circle of good. we're here to help; visit us at salesforce.org. at salesforce.org, our world class product marketers create and tell inspirational stories with cutting edge demonstrations to people around the world. we develop product messaging and positioning, go to market programs, campaigns, events, and sales enablement. we measure our success by our ability to develop creative and innovative marketing strategies and ability to gain mindshare at the c-level.  the next generation platform team is looking for a talented, and experienced leader to join our team. in this role, you will be responsible for defining a narrative with unique and compelling messaging.  you will be responsible for all marketing assets and will be working closely with our partners and sales team. we work in a very fast pace environment which requires someone who can hit the ground running. your impact:
lead the creation and execution of our messaging and programs across  all channels (online, web, events, field sales) develop innovative messaging with complete messaging hierarchy to help salesforce gain c-level mindshare collaborate with cross functional stakeholders including content marketing, creative, pr, product teams, strategy, and events to define and execute on a go-to-market plan produce high fidelity externally facing content including webinars, data sheets, solution guides, demo videos and more for all funnel stages by partnering with the industry's leading creative team. deliver impactful training that helps our sales team create and close pipeline. confidently deliver presentations to audiences of all sizes (ranging from one person to thousands of people).
required skills and experience
high energy, charismatic, innovative, creative 7+ years experience in product marketing for a high tech company demonstrated ability in launching and growing innovative products  proven track record developing compelling messaging and positioning and thought leadership content creative thinker that can generate innovative marketing ideas and lead a cross-functional team of stakeholders to drive execution. hands-on ability to create a range of marketing assets, including viral on-message product demo videos and succinct slide pitch-decks. dynamic, confident personality with ability to successfully define and drive project execution with minimal guidance amidst multiple priorities and goals. stellar public speaking skills









