Salesforce 139--Software-Engineer-Lead-Or-Principal.Txt




job description: software engineer, lead or principal location: san francisco, ca salesforce hosts web services and applications written by thousands of internal developers and tens of thousands of customers to provide the largest business automation cloud on the planet.  the compute infrastructure that enables this innovation and value is evolving to fully embrace lights-out operations, single-click deploy to tens of thousands of nodes, and services that self-heal and self-optimize. salesforce is building out our compute infrastructure team to reinvigorate the way we deliver, deploy, operate, secure, monitor, and repair our data centers and the code that runs across them - at consumer web scale.  we are looking to add experienced distributed systems engineers who can step up and own big chunks of that vision.

description :  we are seeking an experienced and hands-on senior/lead software engineer to join a world-class team of highly motivated software engineers and infrastructure experts. your charter will be to deliver high-quality infrastructure automation tools, frameworks, workflows, and validation platforms that help salesforce scale infrastructure to meet the phenomenal growth we are experiencing. as a senior/lead software engineer, you have deep technical knowledge of web-scale infrastructure systems and will be responsible for leading and contributing to key projects in design, development, and post-release support of platforms, data frameworks, and validation tools, that are used by a variety of internal teams at salesforce.com.  you will work on complex scaling challenges as we move our customers to new infrastructures seamlessly. the ideal candidate learns quickly, works efficiently in fast-paced ambiguous environments, is team driven, solves complex problems permanently, and has an affinity for data and a bias for action. responsibilities :

eat, sleep, and breathe services.  you have experience balancing live-site management, feature delivery, and retirement of technical debt, have strong, heartfelt opinions on cap theorem, can sketch out four different consistency models on a single napkin and defend each of them, and understand paxos, raft, and zookeeper at an implementation level. familiarity with crash-only and recovery-oriented software design. excited by building reliable, self-healing services on unreliable hardware. experience designing, developing, debugging, and operating resilient distributed systems that run across thousands of compute nodes in multiple datacenters. agilista capable of driving and delivering thin slices of end-to-end functionality on a regular cadence with data-driven feedback loops. directly influence our journey towards zero-touch, highly scalable, reliable infrastructure services. provide technical and architectural leadership in a global and diverse organization. automate, optimize and drive efficiency of effort, code, and process. design, implement and maintain the infrastructure on which the salesforce service runs. resolve complex technical issues and drive innovations that improve system availability, resilience, and performance. create, maintain and share technical documentation used by engineers and other team members. provide mentorship to other team members and partner with other smes across the organization develop software services to manage dns, dhcp, ip allocation management infrastructure in a distributed systems environment write clean, reusable, testable rest oriented architecture code in an agile environment work closely with a cross-functional team of software developers, quality engineers, network engineers and system administrators to define the tools, processes, and implementation to support fast iteration software development support management of the team's technical infrastructure (e.g., repository, build system, testing system) under guidance from the systems engineer or other project leaders participate in on-call rotation to support the team's software service perform other duties as assigned

requirements :

minimum of 7 years object-oriented coding experience  experience in golang/python or c++ experience building and maintain continuous integration tests. jenkins, puppet, and python experience a plus experience developing, using, and maintaining rest services and clients. general understanding of the functions and management of network services including dns and dhcp experience using infoblox devices and their wapi interface is a plus working experience with source code management, testing frameworks, code packaging, and build/release processes strong linux system administration skills good communication skills strong troubleshooting skills, especially in a complex application stack bs degree in computer science or technical field preferred
company overview:    these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  li-y








