Salesforce 263--Engineering-Manager---Heroku-Ecosystem.Txt




heroku ecosystem engineering manager heroku's mission is to create the fastest path for application developers to turn an idea into a production app of any scale. we strive to remove every obstacle that slows down creative coders and let them focus on their customers' experience while leaving everything else to our service. today, heroku's service powers millions of apps ranging from personal hobby apps to internet top 100 apps. in aggregate, we serve more than 5 billion requests per day. yet, it only takes minutes for a new developer to get the first app up and running, ready to serve customers.  the heroku ecosystem is a  marketplace  allowing seamless integration between developers and a host of 3rd party services from data storage, messaging and analytics to security and image-processing. it includes heroku add-ons, buttons and build packs. the ecosystem manager will work closely with product to create a roadmap involving new features for our evolving marketplace, supporting our add-on partner relationships and internal projects with other teams at heroku. we are looking for an engineering manager with strong technical skills who understands the importance of a cohesive team bond and can also work externally with customers and partners. you should be able to provide feedback and guidance on technical decisions and drive the team towards execution in a high-morale environment. you know how to work with an ambitious product team and still drive tech debt solutions into the roadmap.  we need a high-eq leader who can support the team, act as a coach and offer career guidance. you should be able to effectively run stand-ups, retrospectives and help the team to execute effectively. ideally, you have experience with full-stack software development and know how to build and run a team.  the heroku team cares deeply about the developer experience, building a high-quality platform with a focus on reliability and minimal downtime.  key responsibilities
manage a team of engineers focused on customer and partner relationships run an efficient software development process that minimizes time to customer feedback channel the company vision into the team deliver robust and durable solutions based on the problems presented by the product team cultivate grass-roots ideas into features that support the business help team members develop mastery and provide coaching and career guidance work with product to develop and evolve the ecosystem collect and share the important metrics that reflect the goals of the team work as part of the heroku engineering management team to drive cross platform projects and initiatives
key competencies

strong technical abilities to help guide the team in decision-making familiarity with modern software development practices used to create web and mobile applications ability to consume feedback about how partners and customers use the platform to help us build the best product possible excellent technical and soft communication skills to work with internal teams as well as partners and customers domain expertise in several of: application lifecycle management, continuous delivery, devops, application development, web application development, distributed computing, paas, iaas, cloud services


  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 











