Salesforce 162--Senior-Devops-Release-Engineer.Txt






description:



we are looking for a talented and excited devops release engineer to help drive our automation needs. they will be working on a global team to deliver test environments to the growing developer community within salesforce. this devops release engineer will be a part of the internal capacity engineering team and will require a strong knowledge of release engineering, app infrastructure, and automation. release engineers at salesforce are the cornerstone of the technology teams with tremendous responsibilities and high visibility.
this devops release engineer will be responsible for all app configurations, deployments in the internal qe, functional and performance testing environments. the release engineer will also will focus on automation of the release engineering activities, and build self service tools for internal team and customers.


configuration/ administration of a highly complex core application and multiple products with new products coming online all the time.

configuration of a broad application suite across complex performance and qe testing environments.

attention to efficiency and ability to spot and deliver on self service opportunities to your internal customers, driving automation where necessary..

strong knowledge for a source control management system like perforce.

delivery ownership for our testing environments - delivering at a very fast pace with a cross functional team.

excellent troubleshooting skills.

working closely with r&d team and performance engineers to reproduce/troubleshoot production related issues quickly.

ability to track and trend on build issues and collaborate with peers to drive solution.

representative  for your application areas within the broader release engineering team and related development teams.





6+ years build/release experience (of java-based, on-demand applications).

3+ years experience working on unix platforms.

3+ years experience with a scripting language: perl, python, shell scripting, java.

automation experience is a must have

perforce knowledge, git.

demonstrated ability to support development operations in dev, test environments.

proficiency with structure and object oriented programming.

experience supporting an on-demand environment is highly valued.

working knowledge of file systems, process management, secure coding, database/sql, ssh/telnet, http, xml, networking basics, storage nas/san.

deployment experience using docker containers

troubleshooting application deployment issues, log analysis

working knowledge of splunk queries and reporting

minimum of bachelor's degree in cs





excellent communication skills both written and verbal.

proven ability to multi-task, prioritize and work under deadlines.

strong customer-focus. we are here for the customer. are you?



  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 












