Salesforce 32--Summer-2018-Intern-Technical-Program-Management-(Infrastructure-Engineering).Txt




this is your time to shine. our program management interns are considered full time employees by their peers--in fact, you will be expected to contribute right away as a member of our team. salesforce pioneered the shift to cloud computing, and today we're delivering the next generation of social, mobile and cloud technologies that help companies revolutionize the way they sell, service, market and innovate-and become customer companies.  technology & products program management the technology program management team works across our product development and engineering teams to drive programs that deliver innovative, enterprise cloud solutions for our customers. we are the grease, glue, & coach that create delighted users, thriving teams and innovation everywhere.

about you...

loves to wear multiple hats. leaps tall buildings in a single bound-bringing the whole team with you. keen reader of people, culture and tea leaves; builds the relationships to make things happen. highly functional in an dynamic, collaborative, challenging environment. synthesize data into insightful and actionable information. excellent at planning as well as executing. comfortable bending between the tactical and strategic. top notch executive presence and communications superstar.

top 5 reasons to join our team:

thrive in a culture of ownership, delivery, and innovation. drive the end-to-end delivery of world-class technology solutions. learn from the best and most talented team in the industry, working in fortune's "100 best companies to work for” eight years in a row. enjoy a hyper-transparent flow of information, conversation and ideas. innovate and invent the future of agile and social program management.


work with multiple delivery teams to take ownership and accountability of technical project planning and delivery for infrastructure programs. develop trust based relationships with key technology and functional leaders & stakeholders to drive focus on program objectives.  this includes supporting and holding resources accountable for their responsibilities within the program. translate business requirements into tactical plans, lead and successfully execute the plan through strong collaboration and leadership.  create meeting agendas, document meeting minutes, and capturing accomplishments/next steps. ensure data is collected to appropriately inform decision making for mitigating risks and resolving issues.  develop & report on project metrics, project planning & scheduling, collation and alignment of status reports. utilize internal tools and agile mindset to create a collaborative environment that fosters autonomy, transparency, mastery, innovation and learning; promote continuous improvement. seek to continuously grow by proactively seeking and embracing constructive feedback.  providing the same level of feedback to colleagues to encourage an open and collaborative culture. monitor and resolve end-to-end process for things like: repeating pain points/sticking points, blockers. build plans and mitigations to address pain points to ensure the alacrity of the cloud and/or program.

experience/skills required:

enrolled in sophomore year or higher at a college/university or any year at a graduate school. working towards a bs or ms in computer science, electrical engineering, or business/management information systems or related working knowledge of any combination of software, database, web, or network technologies. outstanding organizational, communication, interpersonal, relationship building skills conducive to collaboration; able to work well in a cross-functional, matrix management environment. excellent analytical and problem solving skills with a history of hands-on, detail orientation. ability to establish credibility and rapport with senior leaders and technical and non-technical team members alike. ability to successfully collaborate with multiple technical functions in the areas of infrastructure, technical operations, software engineering and customer support. ability to quickly learn new technologies. strong analytical and problem-solving skills. be a self-starter and possess strong sense of self-motivation.


coursework in sql, relational database and distributed systems concepts strong competency in javascript and associated frameworks experience working in an agile environment or knowledge of agile principles

about futureforce: futureforce is salesforce's global university recruiting program dedicated to attracting, retaining and cultivating next generation talent. our interns and new graduates work on real projects that affect how our business runs, giving them the opportunity to make a tangible impact on the future of our company. with offices all over the world, futureforce recruits have the chance to collaborate and connect with fellow employees on a global scale. we offer job shadowing, mentorship programs, talent development courses, and much more.

about salesforce   these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” seven years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 








