Salesforce 130--Director-Customer-&-Market-Insights-Executive-Research.Txt




do you enjoy exploring the motivations that drive executives to respond? have you mastered translating their feedback into insights that define business strategy? does the idea of creating and owning an executive live listening program from design to execution excite you? and most of all, do you want to personally make a big impact?


great! we have the perfect opportunity for you and we'd be honored to have you join us.


about us:


the growth, innovation, and aloha spirit of salesforce are driven by our incredible employees who thrive on delivering success for our customers while also finding time to give back through our 1/1/1 model, which leverages 1% of our time, equity, and product to improve communities around the world. salesforce is a team sport, and we play to win.


the salesforce customer is the most strategic asset in the world. our customers have a powerful voice that helps us build market-moving products, grow the business, evangelize the salesforce brand and transform the world. this commitment to our current and future customers' feedback is reflected in the runaway growth of our customer & market insights (cmi) function.


the  director of customer & market insights, executive live listening  will join our growing, world-class listening function that acts as the chief evangelists and storytellers within salesforce of who our customers are and what they care about — by role, market, industry and geography.


who we're looking for:


we're looking for someone who's excited about engaging with executives, the intersection of technology and business and making a lasting impact on a rapidly growing and innovative company.


this is a newly created, mission critical role designed for a startup-minded senior market research leader with executive customer facing experience who thrives in a fast-paced, highly collaborative and entrepreneurial environment.


this individual will lead the strategy, planning and execution of innovative executive customer live listening programs to drive authentic, help not hype conversations in a safe space between executives and salesforce. you'll translate what our executive customers care about into actions that enable better salesforce decisions and inform the market narrative.


you must possess executive presence, customer research experience, excellent communication skills, outstanding attention to detail, proven talent in facilitating high impact executive conversations, and the ability to connect what you hear back to insights from our surveys, focus groups and other executive programs such as salesforce's world tours, customer advisory boards, customer councils, and executive briefings.



plan:  develop strategy and oversee a team that manages recruitment, coordination and execution for live customer listening programs, including documentation, show-flows, discussion guides and topics, event timelines, budgets, on-site logistics, and ongoing relationship nurturing. collaborate with cmi team to create and own the live customer listening calendar. anticipate and aggressively remove obstacles that slow down or prevent teams from delivering on goals. define mitigation strategy and backup plans as needed. promote:  create strategy and oversee execution of listening program promotion to get executives to attend, using outreach tools including social channels, email, invitations, and the insights team's executive relationships. oversee tracking of all customer recruitment & participation in the team's executive tracking system. facilitate & moderate:  design and moderate engaging executive listening sessions to uncover rich insights that inform salesforce strategy and internal decision making. integrate:  summarize key insights from listening sessions and elevate insights by integrating findings with what we're hearing from other listening channels, including focus groups, surveys, 1:1 interviews, executive briefings, customer advisory boards and councils. close out:  ensure timely execution of wrap ups following each listening program with customer engagement communications, including thank yous and content sharing (white papers, ebooks etc.). create close out summaries to share with cmi team and appropriate stakeholders, including rsvp vs attendance percentage, participant profiles, post event survey results, key themes and follow up actions. coach:  mentor, develop and grow a small team engage:  help build and regularly engage with the executive research community, taking care to welcome new members, connect members with like members, and build affinity, both online and as a follow-up to events. collaborate:  partner with internal teams and drive communication with corporate & product marketing partners and other executive listening programs. represent:  understand the salesforce brand and positioning with the ability to ensure consistent, on-brand experience through all customer listening sessions.


experience:  you have a bachelor's degree, with 10-15+ years customer research experience, including program development and executive engagement. heart:  you own this executive research program and you are vested in its success. you don't hesitate to roll up your sleeves, lead with your heart, and never give up. you can handle stress and last-minute, urgent requests. executive presence:  you've mastered the art of leading effective conversations that resonate with an executive audience leadership:  you'll manage one direct report and will build a team over time. you'll work with, mentor and coach junior members on the team that don't report directly to you. interpersonal skills:  you have excellent interpersonal skills with a solid ability to deal professionally with senior executives, vendors, and team members at all levels of the organization. storytelling:  you're a storyteller with outstanding spoken and written communication skills, superb listening skills, and the ability to present complex ideas in a clear, concise story to a variety of audiences. ownership:  you're biased toward action, a great collaborator and master simplifier. you never stop pushing towards clarity and delivery. you're highly organized, detail focused, results-driven, and accountable. you know how to prioritize and drive work independently, working with deadlines in a fast paced environment. business acumen:  you have unparalleled business acumen and develop an understanding of what the c-suite cares about. desire to travel:  the idea of traveling 65-80+% to meet with executives excites you. travel is both international and domestic.

bonus points for:

experience supporting executive programs in the enterprise software industry strong it skills with a desire to learn new technologies to improve current processes. in-depth experience and proficiency with microsoft office products, google drive, quip and photoshop. software-as-a-service experience (saas) / cloud computing salesforce application functional knowledge


  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 












