Salesforce 152--Analytics-Lead-Strategy-&-Growth.Txt




job title: analytics lead, strategy & growth

department overview - product data science

the product data science (pds) team is made up of growth analysts, data scientists, and engineers who are dedicated to driving product strategy with data-driven insights. we work with executives, product managers, and go-to-market team members across all cloud businesses to discover new opportunities for growth and optimization, experiment with data, drive adoption, and provide actionable insights that impact product strategy.


this position will report to the director of strategy & growth of the product data science team. the lead's main objective is to help shape salesforce products by delivering data-driven product insights, conducting adoption tests, and guiding a team of data engineers, data scientists, and visualization engineers to productize these insights. this role's specific focus will be on partnership with lightning platform engineering.

this role requires expert-level experience driving adoption growth, and technical expertise in data-mining, analysis, and visualization. advanced communication skills are also crucial to the success of this role. all strategy & growth leads must be able to build relationships and collaborate across a large, matrixed environment, and comfortably present findings to large groups of product executives.



partner with senior product leadership (vp+) of lightning platform engineering  to understand their business and advise on strategic objectives, product direction, roadmaps, growth goals, retention strategies, etc.

produce insights (performance drivers, retention/churn analysis, customization personas and many more) to help grow salesforce cloud businesses. this requires acquiring, cleaning, structuring data from multiple sources (e.g. hadoop, splunk), and analyzing the data using sql / python / r.

when analyses are ready to be productized, own the delivery of those products by working with the other teams within pds (data engineers, data scientists, and visualization engineers) to turn insights into self-service dashboards or data products.

develop and own the relationships with senior stakeholders across the company (lightning platform engineering, product, customer success and more).

contribute to expanding the salesforce data-driven culture by growing new relationships, hosting learning sessions, integrating or designing new tools, improving team processes, and other lateral activities.

deliver regular, easy-to-consume presentations to senior stakeholders and executives.


job requirements:


bachelor's or master's degree in computer science, engineering, statistics, math, economics, business management, or a closely related discipline.

4+ years experience in analytics

strong experience with sql. experience with splunk, python/r, and bi tools (e.g. salesforce wave, tableau) is a plus.

strong communication and visualization skills; can easily create powerful visualizations that transform complex data into easily-consumable, actionable insights.

hands-on technical experience (engineering, technical analysis, product) is a plus.

an extraordinarily curious person with a talent for uncovering patterns in large data sets.

independent thinker who gets things done.

a pragmatic analyst, who detects presence and absence of patterns and independently identifies when to dive deeper in analysis and when to present early findings to balance effort to value

extremely proactive mindset; can anticipate questions, lead growth conversations with the product team, and automate answers to routine questions.

detailed knowledge of and curiosity about latest trends in saas growth industry, including evaluating and testing new tools, techniques, and frameworks.

hands-on on salesforce knowledge of products and functionality a plus.


  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 













