Salesforce 209--Associate-Sales-Development-Representative.Txt




associate sales development representative (new-grad role) start-date: march 5th, 2018 **must be within 12 months of graduation** location: chicago, san francisco, new york, atlanta, indy intro:
do you have what it takes to be the best of the best? do you thrive on challenging yourself, working as a team, learning, and achieving your goals? taking on the role as an associate sales development representative at salesforce is the premier way to begin a career in technology sales. we are seeking talented, motivated individuals to join our team. we will help develop your skills in our sales development associate program so that you can join salesforce's elite selling team and be the best of the best. we hire outstanding people who thrive in diverse environments, have a passion for technology innovation, place high expectations on themselves, understand the importance of flawless execution, and seek an environment where their talents can drive industry change.
description:

this is an exciting opportunity to develop your sales skills and business acumen as well as work alongside industry leaders, and align directly to a business development representative (bdr) team. this role serves as a launching point into sales at salesforce. after successfully completing 4 months in this training role, you may be eligible to continue into the sales development representative (sdr) role. formal training around salesforce products, selling skills, leadership skills, and business acumen. significant time will be spent using salesforce business applications. assist the bdrs and their account executives (aes) by strategically developing and identifying accounts that have the potential for revenue opportunities. responsibilities include researching prospective clients, adding valuable data to new and existing accounts as well as acquiring high-level contacts by leveraging third-party databases and social networking sites to assist the sales development team.

complete data quality initiatives in alignment with the bdr organization proficiency in asdr competencies, including selling skills, the salesforce platform, and salesforce business processes execute on assigned training activities present final project to a panel of sales leaders display strong understanding of salesforce values, business acumen, and professionalism

team player with excellent oral and written communication exemplary problem solving skills and ability to take initiative superior attention to detail exceptional organizational and planning skills adaptable to change and enjoys learning in a fast-paced sales environment long term interest in a sales, marketing, or operational role
preferred skills:

completed college degree within the last 12 months previous internship experience in sales, consulting or a related field, or at a technology company









