Salesforce 281--Small-Business-Cpq-Ae.Txt




account executive, small business - salesforce cpq  location:  san francisco ca department description: as part of salesforce, salesforce cpq extends the salesforce sales cloud with fully integrated quote-to-cash capabilities that include salesforce cpq and salesforce billing apps, delivered 100 percent natively on the salesforce platform. salesforce cpq has a talented team with unmatched cloud computing experience and a unique culture, totally focused on taking good care of our customers, partners, and employees. join us! role description:  we are currently looking for high-energy, driven account executives with knowledge of technology and solid business-to-business sales. the ideal candidate will be responsible for managing a large territory, finding and closing new customers and generating revenue while achieving individual goals. the quote to cash space is red hot and we have the cutting edge, 100% salesforce.com native solution with 1500+ customers. we're growing fast and need to expand our team to meet demand. if you are a proven performer and missed the boat to go big before, this is your chance to make it up. up and coming talent is encouraged to apply, but you must be a proven performer in your previous roles. your impact:
finding and closing business in our commercial business segment within a geographic territory demonstrating our product and working with a broader team to meet the needs of each prospect. reporting on sales activity and forecast in salesforce.com managing a fast, intricate sales cycles in a team selling environment we believe in having fun as we succeed!
required attributes:

consultative technology sales experience, selling a similar solution is strongly preferred but not required proven track record of success, preferably in b2b software sales good presentation skills and ability to run demos stable work history, and increasing responsibilities strong business acumen prospecting skills high energy, with a drive for results embraces winning as a team 2 years+ quota carrying experience
*li-qs








