Salesforce 75--Competitive-Intelligence-Director-[B2C-Marketing].Txt




job summary:   the director, competitive intelligence (ci) will be responsible for developing and owning competitive strategies and executing competitive programs that ensure salesforce's b2c marketing sales, product management and product marketing teams have the training, tools, and programs to compete effectively in the marketplace.   specific responsibilities include developing competitive strategies that differentiate salesforce in the b2c marketing market space and allows our sales and marketing teams to clearly articulate the value and impact of our solutions. a ci director creates effective sales tools that define the positioning of salesforce products, promote salesforce product benefits & success stories, educating the key division stakeholders on competitive product offerings, and arming all of salesforce.com employees against the competition.   the director, ci will drive internal and external research to drive market and product insights and will work with internal analyst resources to maintain knowledge and influence on the latest market trends. responsibilities include assisting sales teams in closing opportunities through customer meetings and participating in industry events. must be a strategic thinker while also creating and writing competitive content- playbooks, whitepapers, one-pagers, presentations, etc.   this position requires managing deliverables across cross-functional teams and across all executive levels, while offering an excellent opportunity for a high energy and results-oriented individual to make significant contributions to salesforce's rapid growth, expanding market presence, and industry leadership. the director, ci operates at all levels of the company, from senior executive management to individual contributor levels. key qualities for success in this role include entrepreneurial drive and work ethic, self-motivation, results orientation and a demonstrated ability to add value and succeed in a fast paced environment.   this role also requires an ability to 'think outside the box' and willingness to do whatever it takes to deliver within the time constraints of the sales cycle. it is critical that the director, ci becomes the recognized b2c marketing competitive subject matter expert and trusted competitive advisor to executive staff, key corporate stakeholders and sales teams.   essential functions:


independently own the development of b2c marketing competitive strategy, content and sales training to improve sales win ratios and reduce sales cycle times.

collaborate cross-functionally with b2c marketing sales teams, product marketers, product managers, and pricing and packaging strategists to proactively address competitive issues.

provide business analysis and internal responses to competitive announcements.

develop winning programs, strategies and sales tools versus salesforce's competitors.

serve as a focal point within the company for b2c marketing competitive requests in support of sales opportunities, such as specialized competitive materials and product marketing and development activities such as collateral creation and product development direction.

create, maintain and improve competitive content and competitive positioning working cross-functionally with subject matter experts.

skills and qualifications:

deep knowledge of b2c marketing landscape required.

previous experience in enterprise software, cloud-based services and/or customer engagement centers.

experiences in competitive marketing, competitive intelligence, product marketing, solution marketing, product management, sales or sales engineering.

keen strategic mind to understand, evaluate, and proactively respond to competitors' actions.

solid understanding of business fundamentals with the ability to do high-level business and strategic analysis.

demonstrated ability to effectively communicate with prospects and customers including the ability to actively listen, comprehend, and communicate their business and technical needs/requirements and to map into salesforces' competitive advantages.

demonstrated ability to work with and anticipate the needs of executives and business leaders.

demonstrated ability to deal with a fast changing environment, juggle competing demands on time and to prioritize activities.

demonstrated strong writing and presentation skills including the ability to create and deliver compelling presentations to diverse audiences including executive management, prospects, customers, salespeople, engineering and partners.

ability to create compelling positioning and competitive analysis.

intellectual curiosity with a purpose is essential.

team player with strong communications, interpersonal, negotiation and the ability to persuade people to your point of view. demonstrated ability to effectively communicate with, tactfully collaborate with, and compellingly convince people in diverse functional areas.

considerable travel may be required.


education:


strong candidates will have at least 10 years experience in sales, sales engineering, product management, or technical marketing.

bachelors degree in a technology-related field, or equivalent experience. mba preferred.

experience as an it professional is a plus. 	 	  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 









