Salesforce 21--Product-Management-Director_Senior-Director-–-Financial-Services-Cloud-–-Banking.Txt




are you an innovative product manager who thrives in a fast paced collaborative environment and loves working with the best technology team in the world? how about banking? do you know the industry well? do you know the fintech space and have a point of view of how banks can transform to be digital first? what about the enterprise technologies that make up the world's back offices to manage client onboarding or referral management processes? the salesforce financial services cloud is looking for a top product management professional to drive the next set of industry-specific functionality for our financial services offerings. we've already started, and are looking for someone to carry the torch and own our retail banking offering from pov through to delivery with 3 releases per year. we are also looking for a salesforce know-it-all, or someone who wants to become just that. much of our mandate is to extend core salesforce offerings into financial services specific use cases, so they work out-of-the-box and incorporate best practices from around the industry, as well as drawing inspiration from mind-blowing innovations from other industries. have a look at what we've been up to recently:  https://sfdc.co/la9m5 responsibilities here's what you'd be doing:
own our retail banking product point of view and directional roadmap including how it works with/leverages partner integrations. identify & define business problems worth solving at scale, work with our innovation process to design forward-thinking solutions, then determine how we'll deliver -- whether by extending the financial services cloud with existing salesforce technology, co-building capabilities with isv partners, or building out net new functionality ourselves. engage with customers, partners, and isvs in our design partner program, along with product ambassadors from across salesforce to prioritize the future of our industry represent salesforce as a domain and product expert at customer interactions, industry and corporate events, and through community sites and social media.
job requirements first and foremost:
proven financial services expertise (preferably retail banking) demonstrable salesforce product knowledge enterprise architecture comprehension and experience ability to work in a team of other pms who have dependencies on you and vice versa. others would leverage much of what you work on with corresponding needs for their functionality.
everything else that matters:

bachelor's degree in engineering, computer science, or related disciplines or equivalent experience in technical leadership roles minimum of 10 years' experience in platform product engineering and/or management with expertise in enterprise / saas environments understanding of the broad saas and banking landscape, product marketing and go-to-market strategies agile methodology, and api experience mba a plus a sense of humor, and grace under pressure








