Salesforce 226--Manager-Small-Business-Sales-(Spanish-Speaking).Txt




job title: manager, small business sales  department description:  the regional manager will be responsible for setting and executing salesforce's sales strategy for the mexico small business team. this executive will assume leadership of a growing sales organization of 8-10 account executives. ideal candidates will possess strong sales management experience, as well as deep knowledge of sales cycles likely from his/her experience as an individual contributor.  this individual will be responsible for generating revenue growth and achieving individual, team and organizational quotas. they will also be a valuable contributor to the regional sales strategy, leading implementation and driving execution to achieve corporate objectives. ideal candidates should possess a solid business-to-business application sales and management history. lastly, the regional manager will develop and execute a sales strategy that gains marketshare, builds high levels of customer success, and drives sales skill/career development for his/her team. job responsibilities: deliver 30%+ yoy bookings growth with strong pipeline management fundamentals and 5% or less monthly forecast accuracy. hire and onboard a team of 8-10 sales professionals and develop/lead them in a manner where each account executive would "fight to work with you” again in the future. execute on pipeline generation programs for growth business team to build and close 70% of your annual bookings target. support team by participating and leading in client and prospect meetings meet weekly with each team member to coach on sales strategy, pipeline management, opportunity management, and to discuss career planning/development. consistently deliver internal sales, product, and persona training to 10-200 team-members. execute on local customer/prospect marketing events and be comfortable presenting to audiences ranging from 10-250 people. required skills/experience: 5-8 years of individual contributor business to business sales experience with track record of consistently achieving quota experience managing and closing complex sales cycles across cxo suite, sales, marketing, service, it, and cfo/coo. track record of cultivating strong relationships across customers, business partners, and peers. eager to learn how to hire a diverse sales team and comfortable with promoting 30%+ of sales team on a annual basis. effective oral and written communication skills. exhibits genuine curiosity and focused on continuous improvement ability to spend 50%+ time in the field. strong organizational, operational and analytical skills bachelor's degree from an accredited university is strongly preferred   these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 








