Salesforce 159--Senior-Strategic-Account-Manager-Enterprise-Market.Txt




job title:  strategic account executive, enterprise market

location:  san francisco bay area

department description:

salesforce provides a compelling opportunity for sales professionals with a proven track record exceeding quota in technology sales. our goal is to build an organization of intelligent, ambitious, account executives committed to our vision of changing the software landscape. with 95% customer satisfaction, a best-in-class crm/sales force automation tool that reps love to use, and a fiercely loyal customer base, it's a powerful combination for sales success. top sales talent across the world join us for or our "change the world” mentality; the opportunity to excel in a fast-paced, performance-based, team atmosphere.


you will be responsible for generating new business into a blend of installed accounts and prospects. drive strategic, enterprise-wide social network & crm sales initiatives to an account mix of existing enterprise clients and new logo opportunities. you must be able to forecast sales activity and revenue achievement while creating satisfied customers that can be referenced in future sales cycles. salesforce offers a very competitive compensation plan with accelerating commissions and tremendous upside earnings potential that has no cap.


we are seeking proven, quota-carrying sales performers to help us grow our loyal customer base. responsibilities include generating new business in both existing accounts and in new logo accounts, as well as playing a key role to drive strategic, enterprise social network & crm initiatives into enterprise companies. additional efforts include:

lead qualification for all leads and sales opportunities up-selling and leveraging business from new and established customer relationships


8+ years of solution sales experience selling crm, erp, or similar business applications to large, complex enteprise organizations strong track record and history of carrying and exceeding a sales quota


experience of successfully selling enterprise software deals into large enterprise companies account planning and execution skills ability to sell c-level and across both it and business units passion and commitment for customer success strong technical aptitude ability to sell both an application and deployment of a platform a proven track record of driving and closing enterprise deals consistent overachievement of quota and revenue goals  strong time management skills proven consultative sales solution skills, including the ability to articulate a clear, concise return on investment value statement. ability to maintain a high level of productivity, manage multiple competing priorities, and work effectively under the pressure of time constraints in a fast-paced, complex, collaborative, and team-oriented environment experience selling software (cloud/saas/on-demand/on premise) or social enterprise solutions to strategic enterprise accounts bachelor's degree

 the company was founded on three disruptive ideas—a new technology model in cloud computing, a pay-as-you-go business model and a new integrated corporate philanthropy model. these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes world's most innovative company five years in a row and one of fortune 100 best companies to work for eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 

*li-qs








