Salesforce 211--Enterprise-Architect.Txt





enterprise cloud architect 						 						what if you were empowered to solve the most complex business problems that fortune 500 companies face today? what if you had the best social and mobile cloud technology stack to achieve that goal? what if you could work for a company that believes that top line growth is as important as giving back to the community? what if you could work alongside the best and brightest in the industry to craft innovative solutions and transformational strategies? all this in a driven, collaborative and rewarding environment… sounds like fiction, you say? absolutely not! here at salesforce, we call it #salesforceohana! 						 						 job description:
the enterprise cloud architect is a customer-facing enterprise domain expert applying broad technical skills, with deep industry knowledge and business acumen, supporting sales teams in developing salesforce value propositions that align to our customers' business strategies on digital transformation and cloud adoption. the enterprise cloud architect is a subject matter expert in one or more categories that may include: business strategy, application architecture, data & information, integration, security, cloud computing, technology, distributed platforms, mobile, and analytics. with a strong blend of technical and sales skills the enterprise cloud architect uses a consultative approach to understand business and technical requirements. the enterprise cloud architect determines which salesforce and third party technologies to leverage in customer driven architectures, based upon product knowledge, industry experience, industry standard ea frameworks and salesforce ea methodologies. with a broad it background including solution architecture, technical architecture, software/systems engineering, cloud computing, governance and sdlc, the enterprise cloud architect leads key discussions and considerations around change programs from both a business and technical perspective. the enterprise cloud architect helps the sales teams develop industry specific, repeatable propositions and go to market strategies. the enterprise cloud architect also participates in the delivery of solution best practices, reference architectures, educational sessions and industry summits to existing customers, partners and to internal audiences.
your impact: 						• business planning and strategy 						• become a trusted advisor to cio/cto/ea level contacts and their teams as they look to move their business to a cloud architecture 						• earn the trust of prospects' and customers' ciso/cso/chief risk officer and similar. 						• present salesforce technology infrastructure, including demonstrating deep familiarity with company's platform capabilities, hosting infrastructure, security and integration capabilities 						• understand the customer need and establish company's product as the best solution that addresses the technical and business requirements 						• conduct architecture and technical workshops that may include enablement sessions 						• manage customer technical due diligence and risk management processes 						• work closely with other elements of the salesforce organization, e.g. alliances, sales effectiveness, industry business unit, product marketing, etc. to develop and execute internal and external programs and initiatives 						• assist sales teams in responses to rfps and technical requirements documents 						• participate in all appropriate product, sales, and procedural training and certification to acquire and maintain the knowledge necessary to be effective in the position 						• attain quarterly and annual objectives assigned by management 						• mentor and guide more junior technical resources 						 						 minimum qualifications: 						• b.s. computer science, software engineering or equivalent work experience 						• multi-year experience in either software, system or enterprise architecture disciplines 						• good understanding of the architectural principles of cloud based platforms including saas, paas, multitenancy, multi-tiered infrastructure, etc. 						• good understanding of all cloud offerings in the market and ability to discuss cloud architectures 						• good understanding of enterprise application integration, including soa, esb, eai, etl environments as well as common ea topics such as process orchestration, bpm, cep, mdm, bi/ba, etc. 						• a good understanding of the security processes, standards & issues involved in multi-tier cloud or hybrid applications 						• familiar with principles of network, application and information security 						 						 preferred qualifications: 						• previous practitioner and/or implementation experience of salesforce solutions or relevant solutions 						• familiar with relevant (regional, vertical, etc.) data privacy and compliance requirements 						• familiar with solution selling 						• salesforce related development experience (force.com, java or c#, javascript), mobile development, modern frameworks, etc. 						• experience of architectural frameworks such as togaf, zachman, etc. 						• familiar with design thinking and similar principles 						 						 about salesforce 						   these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 










