Salesforce 88--Senior-Product-Manager---Service-Cloud-Field-Service-Mobile.Txt




the service cloud field service product team is looking for a senior product manager with a track record for driving new product capabilities from initial concept to successful delivery and market adoption. candidates must have a passion for building great products and helping customers to create amazing consumer experiences. this role has a key responsibility for guiding the future of field service lightning technician mobile application and sdks. you will own the technician experience for mobile workers.

the senior product manager role has both inbound and outbound responsibilities. inbound responsibilities consist of working with the technology team to deliver a world-class cloud computing application driven by customers, prospects, advisory teams and internal product experts. outbound responsibilities include meeting with customers, prospects (enterprise and smb) and industry analysts to discuss product requirements and the product roadmap. this job is for experienced product managers who thrive in a fast paced collaborative environment and love working with the best technology team in the world.


guide the vision and roadmap for field service mobile apps and sdks. this includes defining market needs, product vision and strategy, roadmap creation and communication, release planning, requirements gathering, functional specification all the way through to customer enablement and success. work very closely with development, qa, user experience, documentation and other product teams to execute the field service product strategy. own and drive feature delivery end-to-end: writing user stories, working with user experience to create prototypes for usability testing, working with development, technical publications, and quality assurance teams to deliver a marketable product on time. drive product requirements from a customer and user driven approach. engage with customers for requirements gathering, feature requests and roadmap updates. represent salesforce.com as a domain and product expert at customer interactions, industry and corporate events.


4+ years of experience in product management or relevant experience must have experience in either mobile applications or b2b products (field service management a definite plus) excellent organizational skills, analytic capabilities, and attention to detail. proven ability to influence cross-functional teams without formal authority. strong communication skills. cloud computing experience. salesforce platform experience a big plus. demonstrated experience in the agile software development process. demonstrated experience in gathering and transforming customer needs into an actionable product vision and requirements definition. strong troubleshooting and analytical thinking skills. ideally, 2-4 years of customer relationship management experience with a focus on salesforce automation, service automation, or marketing automation. bachelors' degree, with technical disciplines preferred.








