Salesforce 285--Strategic-Account-Mgr-Commerce-Cloud.Txt




enterprise account executive - cpg commerce cloud the successful enterprise account executive - cpg is a high-energy hunter focused on building consultative relationships at all levels in retail and manufacturing enterprises. they are motivated by solving business problems on behalf of prospective customer and ultimately driving the adoption of our ecommerce solutions throughout the enterprise. the account executive enjoys uncovering and closing new business opportunities in a startup environment. they must be a strategic thinker with exceptional prospecting skills, high energy and a structured solution selling process. they are natural leaders with a desire to win in a collaborative, team environment. your impact: identify, uncover, and develop account opportunities within a given territory. direct, manage and lead the strategy of other pursuit team members, company resources, and partners throughout the sales cycle. excellent ability to properly qualify projects to maximize an efficient sales cycle. accurately forecast and close recognizable retail brands to exceed customer acquisition goals. develop and deliver custom sales presentations and demonstrations. choreograph and conduct on-site assessments of customer requirements and needs. build and leverage relationships with our partners to insure the successful implementation of ecommerce for customers in your geography. minimum qualifications: min 7+ years of experience selling solutions to the enterprise with an emphasis on retail or ecommerce related solutions in a larger enterprise and fortune level environment.   ba/bs degree required.  we are looking for experience selling deals specifically to consumer product goods companies. successful background in complex, executive-level sales processes must have a consistent record of quota achievement must have experience in a team sales environment, excel at team building and have a proven track record of team leadership. demonstrate excellent verbal and written communication skills. a technical background and aptitude is important. strong time management, organization, and decision making skills are critical. *li-y








