Salesforce 198--Heroku-Account-Development-Representative.Txt




heroku account development representative location: san francisco salesforce,  recognized as the world's 4th fastest growing company per fortune magazine, has transformed cloud computing with a revolutionary portfolio of technologies that address a variety of customer requirements. our solutions have revolutionized how companies build, deploy, scale and manage modern applications. heroku, part of our platform division, provides a platform as a service (paas) that enables organizations to build, develop, run, and manage open source applications without the complexity typically associated with developing and launching an app. in addition, applications built on heroku, deeply integrate with  salesforce  data making it the go to platform for  salesforce  customers.  job description heroku is looking for an account development representative to foster long-term technical success and overall happiness of our emerging customer segment.  the goal of the adr is to transition early stage, growing customers, into long term, sustained growth customers. the adr will leverage high value activities (hva's) to engage emerging customers, work with customers in yc and salesforce incubator and qualify and convert inbound sales leads. the ideal adr has strong technical understanding and proven success maintaining relationships with developers at early stage start-ups.  the heroku adr will be responsible for working with existing and new customers, ensuring that they get the most out of the platform, helping them continue to develop and expand their successful use of heroku, and uncover additional opportunities to deploy on the platform. responsibilities
working with current/new customers to grow/expand relationships championing technical & business side issues for customers communicating with customers via their preferred virtual channels (phone, skype, email, tickets, im) with occasional face-to-face interactions build strong working relationships across client organizations

minimum 2 years of technical sales or sales development experience technical aptitude with the ability to understand architecture, frameworks and languages track record of successfully growing customers ability to manage and maintain a high volume of customers

background in technology and platform solutions such as application development, database, business intelligence, integration. demonstrated ability to work all types of small & medium enterprise (smes) consistent over-achievement of goals. good written, verbal, and presentation skills. be creative with strong problem solving skills and the ability to succeed in a fast-paced environment. proven ability to work well as part of an extended sales team.
about heroku heroku is a thriving start-up owned by salesforce, based in soma, san francisco. our work environment is fun and flexible while also ruthlessly focused on technical excellence and customer success. our growing group offers lots of opportunities for hyper talented, self- motivated, no-drama and no-nonsense individuals who share our belief that cloud architectures are dramatically changing web application development and deployment, and want to be part of the vanguard of this movement.      *li-qs








