Salesforce 62--Lead-Data-Engineer---Heroku.Txt




lead data engineer - heroku location: amer/remote about heroku:

heroku's mission is to create the world's best platform for developers to easily turn an idea into a web app at any scale. heroku powers millions of apps, running the gamut from large enterprise to many of the best-known startups. we're a small and fast-growing business unit within salesforce, and our work environment is collaborative, agile and fun with a passion for developer success. heroku's data engineering team sits alongside our centralized analytics team, working together closely to ensure we are a data-driven company. by building and maintaining the infrastructure that powers all of our product, analytics, marketing, and sales analytical and operational functions, data engineering is one of the most highly leveraged teams at heroku. what you'll do

as the lead data engineer at heroku, you'll lead the development and enhancement of an innovative data environment by leveraging industry best practices and cutting edge approaches. you're excited to come on board and review the current state of our data systems, then construct a thoughtful approach to the long term data vision & architecture, and then execute against it through hands on work and managing junior engineers. you will be the technical lead, who oversees the development, documentation, access, and quality of our centralized data warehouse solution, and will ensure ready access to existing data features while incorporating new features in a timely manner. you'll collaborate with engineering to nail-down the data infrastructure, and with our business partners across all major functions at the organization to anticipate data needs, and proactively develop data solutions to address the toughest business problems.

our ideal candidate isn't satisfied until a project is seen through to meaningful impact. if you love working with data and want to see your work impact the entire organization, we want to talk to you!


you're a senior engineer who has extensive experience architecting and leading data engineering and data warehousing initiatives.

you have a passion for all things data, with a specific curiosity for taking our data warehouse and operational data stores to the next level. you're excited to enable and collaborate with the centralized analytics team to tackle the business' toughest challenges, and you bring your in-depth technical skills to bear, in ensuring data maintenance is a non-issue. you're excited to mentor the junior engineers on the team, and help them level-up their data engineering skillset.

the lead data engineer is expected to be a thought leader when it comes to solving heroku's growing data needs, be able to lead projects in a timely manner while juggling multiple priorities, and proactively ideate with the broader analytics and data team. an ability and desire to interact and communicate effectively with both technology and business team members is critical to the success of this position.


must exhibit strong communication skills, empathy, and initiative 7+ years experience designing, implementing and maintaining relational / data warehousing environments (custom or structured etl, preferably working directly with large data environments) strong background in data warehousing concepts and schema design history of designing, building and launching extremely efficient & reliable data pipelines to move data (both large and small amounts) throughout data warehouse. strong sql experience, with ability to optimize queries for high volume environments experience with shell scripting, and writing etl scripts in python and sql experience working closely with analytics/data science teams ability to manage full project lifecycles experience with git, github, and the pull request workflow direct experience with heroku, aws redshift and/or postgres and s3

bonus points for:

advanced cs degree experience managing or mentoring teams of engineers experience in big data frameworks (such as hadoop, apache spark is a plus) experience with kafka



  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 













