Salesforce 316--Manager-Sales-Development-Representative.Txt




manager, sales development representatives
are you ready to blaze your trail as a salesforce leader? our sales development organization is the best place to start your leadership journey and has launched the careers of many of our senior sales executives. this dynamic, innovative and fun environment will challenge you to build and leverage the skills needed to become a leader of high performing teams and impact the lives of many aspiring sales professionals as a manager of sales development representatives (sdrs), you'll be responsible for hiring, training, coaching and motivating reps at a pace and scale few other organizations can match - all while meeting and exceeding ambitious growth targets. give us your passion, energy, collaboration and drive and we'll give you the tools to achieve success in this role and beyond. apply today and challenge yourself to succeed in what the salesforce sales blog calls " the hottest job in sales right now! ” responsibilities: hire, train, and motivate team of sales development reps into sales-ready account executives. deliver high impact coaching in one-on-one and team meetings. leverage metrics to identify areas for performance improvement. regularly forecast on team/individual results to attain monthly an quarterly revenue targets prioritize and communicate messaging in a fast-moving environment. identify and make recommendations for improvement in the areas of process, efficiency, productivity. lead and deliver projects and pilots that generate continued improvement. required skills/experience: five plus years of related sales experience, preferably in software or technology, with a proven track record of over-achievement of quota expectations. outstanding communication, organization and time management skills. strong leadership instincts and demonstrated leadership roles (team captain, team lead, mentor, teacher, etc.) ability to gain and leverage insights from sales data. bachelors degree. experience using salesforce solutions is a plus.   these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 








