Salesforce 187--Lead-_-Senior-Ui-Engineer.Txt




senior / lead ui engineer  location: san francisco, ca / seattle, wa

the lightning  platform group is looking for an exceptional software engineer with expertise primarily in javascript to help us build platform which is used by administrators, designers and professional developers. the position requires not only rock solid ui development skills, but also a background or interest in creating tools, frameworks, and libraries for other developers to build upon. as a lead you will drive and create roadmap for features which are across multiple teams.

we are seeking engineer with strengths in front-end that are excited about building out complex capabilities and presenting them as simple and intuitive end-user experiences. you will work on our flagship point-click-drag-drop app builder that will enable the creation of custom mobile-enabled fully responsive apps. lightning app builder is being launched as a simple yet powerful way for non-technical administrators, designers and professional developers to create applications and sites off the salesforce1 lightning platform to deliver custom enterprise solutions and commercial applications distributed via the world's leading  enterprise application exchange .

if building out complex capabilities and presenting them through intuitive design appeals to you, come talk to us!!

watch this latest video about the salesforce1 lightning app builder:  https://www.salesforce.com/video/305409/

the ideal candidate has experience building robust frameworks for authoring and delivering declarative web-based mobile enabled applications and derive joy from delivering their work to customers in tight, high-feedback cycles. in this role you will work on full cycle of feature and drive design, development and testing.this role is for an experienced software engineer with a minimum of 5 yrs experience.  (if you are a new grad, please visit our futureforce careers page.)


5-10 years of related experience write scalable, performant code that customers love evaluate your solution across multiple browsers, javascript engine for performance value team excellence over individual productivity negotiate and honor cross-team agreements on architecture and delivery have a passion for quality and writing clean, solid, readable code that scales and performs well take responsibility for your code and features from working with product management all the way through to deployment and support analyze, design and develop test cases and implement automated functional and system test suites value customer and team success over individual productivity master our development process and culture, and then improve it resolve complex technical issues in existing applications to continually learn, improve, and model good citizenship in the organization and code base


excellent server side programming skills in java be a javascript rockstar, working in salesforce lightning ui framework to build and evolve platform ui bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent experience strong front end html, css programming skills knowledge of working with javascript frameworks to create rich interactive content experience integrating with server-side code to produce dynamic pages good understanding of web accessibility experience in ajax techniques developing cross-browser, cross-platform, cross-device compatible solutions experience building high-volume production systems or commercial shrink-wrap software ​experience with agile methodologies
 we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, the world's most innovative company according to forbes, and one of fortune's 100 best companies to work for six years running. the growth, innovation, and aloha spirit of salesforce are driven by our incredible employees who thrive on delivering success for our customers while also finding time to give back through our 1/1/1 model, which leverages 1% of our time, equity, and product to improve communities around the world. salesforce is a team sport, and we play to win. join us!








