Salesforce 17--Senior-Software-Quality-Engineer-(Sdet).Txt




department description: sales cloud is a 3.5+ billion dollar business unit of  salesforce.com  that allows sales professionals to track all interactions with their customers.  this team is responsible for the forecasting, predictive forecasting and the territory management applications.
role description: we are looking for a strong, dynamic software development engineer (quality) for sales cloud, a 3.5+ billion dollar business unit of  salesforce.com . the candidate will be quality champion and drive all quality initiatives for the sales cloud, our premier crm product.

do you bleed software quality? ​are you passionate about building software that is used by executives to manage their business? can you automate and can carry a goal of attaining 100% automation? do you value and like working with a very tight knit team?
if you value quality and your motto is to dream big, get things done while having fun, work on products that are used by sfdcs valued customers, a product that has impact on our customer's success,  then come and join forecasting and territory management engineering teams. we are the world's #1 sales and data application suite. we redefine ease of use with lightning powered user experience, data powered applications, data science and mobile first mentality.  we build awesome products, but more importantly we also shape careers of engineers while you will help us build awesome products, the leaders in sales cloud are dedicated to create and awesome work culture !!! and groom you to your next career ladder.


independently designs and delivers code for products with a quality mindset provides oversight through code and design reviews for features delivered by other developers within their scrum team. master the salesforce development process, culture and code base, in order to improve it. analysis and design: participate in a test design review board for integration test plans within and across clouds with focus on functional, business, complex scenarios, high impact projects, usability, and accessibility master clouds requirements (e.g. underlying techstack, business usage, implementation) create end-to-end, cross cloud-impacting, integration automation (api and ui) with complex orgs interface with customers to understand real life usage, build test cases execute testing with complex org setup, varied data shapes organize and drive cross product testing advocate for customer enhancements monitor product and/or feature-level quality health metrics (testability, test health, test coverage, etc) works closely with senior developers, pm, and ux to ensure their features are delivered to meet business and quality requirements troubleshoot production issue you are providing leadership and coaching to others on your scrum teams, as well as providing mentoring to others who may be on other scrum teams.

bachelor's degree (or its foreign degree equivalent) in computer science, engineering, or a related quantitative discipline. at least (5-8) years of software engineering, quality assurance/engineering, usability, or business analysis experience highly proficient in java or a similar language understanding of object oriented programming familiar with industry quality & usability practices proficient in writing functional automation (ui/api) self-motivator, who can work independently, able to learn quickly, meets deadlines and demonstrates problem-solving skills. effectively communicate technical information in a clear and concise manner and ability to coordinate cross-team efforts experience with agile development methodology experience with developer tools like git, maven and eclipse ide good understanding of relational databases and sql
  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.    *li-y








