Salesforce 253--Industry-Solution-Director-Fundraising---Salesforce.Org.Txt




salesforce.org is a nonprofit social enterprise with a mission to empower its community of stakeholders to accelerate impact in a whole new way. salesforce.org impacts thousands of organizations and the millions of people they serve by delivering the world's best nonprofit and educational technology solutions at affordable rates. it also inspires employee giving by matching their donations and driving volunteer engagement in the community. and it leverages a unique self-sustaining model to generously re-invest the revenue generated back into the community through strategic grants focused on education and workforce development.  we are looking for a talented, self-directed, director, industry solutions who is passionate about working closely with customers to deliver market drive solutions. the director will define technology solution sets and drive go-to-market strategy, execution, and messaging to help revolutionize the nonprofit sector.  this is an amazing opportunity to have impact with thousands of nonprofits, while working on the world's best platform for delivering impactful applications. the team is one where self-directed individuals thrive, and one where your vision for increasing the impact of technology  in the social change sector can be realized.  as a market planner and spokesperson you will play a critical role within the nonprofit industry solutions team.  you will have direct responsibility for monitoring nonprofit fundraising technology trends relevant to salesforce's product set, qualifying these trends, quantifying industry impact on business planning, determining major areas of current and potential salesforce product focus, and outlining product and go-to-market strategies to maximize solutions sales to nonprofit institutions.   you will also function as an internal advocate for the nonprofit market at salesforce.org and drive strategic planning as well as execution associated with major product initiatives, solutions and sales campaigns.    this role will partner closely with product management, product development, sales, marketing, alliances and customer success.  with a solid understanding of salesforce technologies and the nonprofit market you will cultivate a variety of channels to gain and quantify market insight, define major market success themes, and drive nonprofit-specific product innovation in support of overall strategy and revenue targets. this role will report to the vp nonprofit industry solutions and strategy and will be a key member of a growing innovative industry solutions team primary responsibilities:
develop single- and multi-year business plans for the nonprofit market, cross referenced to viable product, sales, product integration, and marketing milestones and resources. identify key product or solution gaps and recommend viable alternatives to closing these gaps. identify and execute on both short-term and medium-term product and solutions alternatives or extensions from within current technology set which can meet current nonprofit needs and positively impact short-term business objectives, including packaging, bundling, targeted/improved pricing strategies, and sales/marketing enhancements.  work cross-functionally to build medium- and long-term product plans and roadmap requirements specific to overall nonprofit planning and success. act as the primary go-to-market lead for recruiting/admissions and advancement, working closely with sales, product management,  alliances/partner and the customer success teams to understand sales trends/dynamics, team -performance, client feedback, and direct and nuanced solution/product imperatives.  develop relationships with key nonprofit clients and client thought leaders to help inform decision making and provide advocacy for our solutions in-market.  act as lead for internal, client, and industry forums to convey product strategy and roadmap, and solicit client and market feedback. analyze potential partner relationships to enhance overall product roadmap planning, as well as identified outside the current solution but evident within industry trend analysis. assist throughout the product development lifecycle by actively participating in product requirements development, product design specifications, market testing, pricing and packaging analysis, and go-to-market readiness.
professional experience/skills required:
5+ years' experience as a product manager or product marketer for nonprofit technologies or related technology discipline. demonstrated ability in launching and growing innovative products, preferably with familiarity of the cloud/saas and crm technologies. understanding of agile software development and integration technologies  analytical and highly experienced pulling from a variety of data sets.  able to synthesize results for critical strategic-level implications.   effective within business planning and modeling tools to include excel or other financial/ crm solutions.  excellent at modeling what-if scenarios. excellent written and oral communication skills.  comfortable and effective in small group and large group presentations.  experience and a proven track of participating in industry forums or critical sales cycles.  compelling and accurate writing ability. collaborative. proven ability to work cross functionally and informally to achieve overall business objective and product sales and go-to-market results. passion for technology, and its opportunity to help nonprofits deliver impact. up to 25% travel including occasional international travel required.
leadership qualities:
think strategically - knows what it takes to give your business the competitive advantage. ability to see the forest through the trees in a dynamic environment. can develop relevant, sustainable solutions. aligns the right resources to the task at hand; foresees and plans around obstacles. make smart decisions - analyzes and synthesizes broad, cross-business or cross-discipline information that leads to breakthroughs or significant insight. makes an impact. focus on customer success - builds and maintains relationships with customers; shapes solutions that have significant positive impact on their business. flexibility - as to be expected in a startup-like environment, the scope of this position will evolve continuously.  comfort with ambiguity and flexibility is required. drive results - attacks everything with drive and energy with an eye on both the bottom line and customer success. collaborate & communicate - works well within a team environment. writes and presents effectively in 1:1 and group situations. inspirational to engineers, designers and market facing teams on a collective vision. gives others a voice.









