Salesforce 199--Senior-User-Researcher-Lightning-Platform.Txt




as a senior user researcher working on the lightning platform user experience team, your insights will transform the way businesses leverage technology and evolve how their employees work. you'll empower salesforce administrators and developers of all skill levels to build and deploy custom cloud apps, and partner with designers to define design patterns across our entire product portfolio. you distill complex problems into insights that inform design and development decisions. you eagerly seek out diverse data, and you triangulate them. you eagerly use new research methods to get at the heart of the issue, and you have expertise with the ‘tried and true' ones. you're passionate about technology. you're even more passionate about people. you have deep empathy for their everyday struggles and challenges. you always put their needs first, and you're unwavering in your desire to provide the best experiences for users. sound like you? then you're someone we want to work with. join our amazing team and you'll get to work with some of the best and brightest, including a team of user researchers with diverse backgrounds. you'll find startup-like scrum teams, consumer-style innovation, and the opportunity to deliver great experiences to millions of end-users. and, by the way, you'll work for a company that has been named – 9 years running – in fortune 100 top places to work. responsibilities:
partner fully with designers, engineers, product managers, and documentation writers to provide the best possible experience for our users and customers conduct research engagements as an individual contributor provide strategic and tactical insights that drive and inform design and development for lightning platform
required experience / skills:

5+ years of experience conducting research in user experience, product design, or technology contexts proven track record influencing product direction and strategy with actionable insights ability to plan, design, execute and communicate both strategic and tactical research engagements ability to structure and lead internal and external workshops or design studios and analyze the outcomes to provide insight for stakeholders expert understanding of research methods (qualitative and quantitative) and best practices experience working in cross-functional teams (e.g. design, product management, engineering) familiarity with basic statistical methods and concepts excellent project management, communication, and presentation skills m.a./m.s. or ph.d. in human computer interaction (hci), cognitive or experimental psychology, sociology or a related degree bonus: experience with business software, solutions, technology








