Salesforce 106--Director-M&A-Change-Management.Txt




director, m&a change management san francisco, ca

about salesforce:

  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 

about the position:

salesforce, the leading enterprise cloud computing company, is looking for a director, change management to join the corporate development group in san francisco. the corporate development team is responsible for corporate strategy, mergers & acquisitions, investments, and m&a integration. the group is tasked with long-term value creation, helping maintain the company's competitive advantage, and advancing its strategic objectives by (i) identifying growth opportunities within new markets and new technology segments (ii) evaluating acquisitions, investments and other transactions that leverage these opportunities, and (iii) managing investments and acquisitions deal execution and integration processes.

the successful candidate will crack the code on change management for merger and acquisition initiatives and and develop a comprehensive cross functional m&a change management approach within salesforce m&a that will be adopted as a widely known industry best practice. using a holistic approach to change management, we will unite all of salesforce's resources to create cohesive experiences for acquired and impacted salesforce employees that reduce anxiety and accelerate integration success.


develop, pilot and institutionalize a best in class change management capability that will improve the employee experience and account for disruptive change to all elements of an organization's operating model (strategy, structure, processes and systems, shared values, etc.).
set clear and measurable change management objectives and design a foundational change management framework.  build reference documents to guide the approach and further support the execution of change management activities.  create repeatable change management tools and templates to accelerate change management activities: change impact assessment; change communications plans and framework; stakeholder analysis and engagement tactics. design and implement engagement model strategies (i.e., lead execution, deploy contractor resources, consult) for m&a deals.  align engagement models with embedded salesforce change management capabilities (i.e., communications and technology enablement) within business units and information technology.  align a vendor management framework to support staff augmentation.
review the employee experience for executives, people managers, and individual contributors, to apply the lens of change management to meaningful moments, including announce communications and support, cultural acclimation and mentoring programs, on-boarding, salesforce manager training, and ongoing communications, engagement, and enablement activities.
create pre-close change management guide for acquired leaders. partner with employee success (hr) to design and implement acquired executive onboarding program by deal type. support employee success execution of cultural acclimation programs that address identified key culture gaps and differences.
facilitate and or support large cross-functional integration planning meetings and workshops using change management best practices and approaches. manage programs to educate and enable salesforce employees on m&a.
manage and maintain key message development across programs. maintain key stakeholder map and prioritize engagements across salesforce.
consult, coach and engage project teams, managers and leaders. assist in developing and delivering analysis, recommendations, and presentations for senior executives to support strategic decisions.


bachelor's degree from a top university; advanced degree in organizational design / leadership or communications preferred; change management certifications a plus. +15 years experience (work experience in consulting, finance, or product management is a plus). flexible and adaptable; able to work in ambiguous m&a environment; self-starter and high degree of motivation to go above and beyond the task at hand. exceptional problem solving skills: demonstrated ability to analyze data, structure complex problems, develop solutions. superlative communication skills, both written and oral to a variety of stakeholders. c-suite orientated presentation skills, especially related to building compelling powerpoint/googleslide presentations. skilled in active listening and cultivating meaningful feedback loops via surveys, focus groups, and 1:1 interactions. must be a team player and able to work collaboratively with and through others. able to establish and maintain strong relationships and influence others and move toward a common vision or goal. resilient and tenacious with a propensity to persevere. acute business acumen and understanding of organizational issues and challenges. experience with large-scale organizational change efforts.











