Salesforce 33--Account-Executive-Growth-Business.Txt




account executive, growth business segment
location: us - california - san francisco, us - washington - seattle, us - california - irvine, us - texas - dallas about salesforce: seventeen years ago, we launched salesforce with a vision to reinvent crm in the cloud. and a new technology model was born. we also put aside 1% of our equity, 1% of our employee time, and 1% of our product to form the salesforce foundation. these two key decisions have fueled our incredible growth, made us the global leader in crm, defined the era of cloud computing, and inspired a new philanthropic model for all to follow. today, salesforce is powering innovation in sales, service, marketing, community, analytics, apps, and more. thanks to our dedicated employees, partners, and the customers we serve, our industry-leading customer platform has become the world's leading enterprise cloud ecosystem. industries and companies of all sizes can connect to their customers like never before using the latest innovations in mobile, social, and cloud technology. welcome to the customer success platform. role description: we are currently looking for a resourceful, driven, team player with a competitive spirit, and strong business acumen to help our customers in the growth segment reach new levels of customer success. if you have a curiosity for solving business problems, a passion for making your customers successful, and the ability to articulate the roi of an enterprise solution across multiple stakeholders, than this could be the role for you. successful account executives at salesforce have experience doing deep levels of discovery and objection handling at every level. they are engaged with their customers at every level of the sales cycle, from account planning, through the development of the deal, to the close of business, and beyond. they are trusted advisors to the c-suite and the end users.this person won't simply focus on selling the world's #1 crm solution, they will also cross sell our entire suite of products, which includes world class solutions for: customer service, marketing, community, analytics, apps and more. our goal is to build an organization of smart, ambitious account executives, committed to our mission and focused on winning, but able to balance this with a respectful, healthy environment and lifestyle. at salesforce, integrity and reliability are as important as talent and effort.
5 years of quota carrying sales experience track record of hitting and exceeding quota experience managing and closing complex sales-cycles ability to proactively prospect greenfield new business ability to cultivate existing customers strong ability to engage c-level executives experience managing and closing complex sales-cycles crm experience strong business acumen, written and verbal communications skills experience working in a team environment
preferred qualifications:

7 years of quota carrying sales experience software or technology sales experience bachelor's degree from an accredited university is strongly preferred professional sales methodology training ability to travel up to 50%

  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company" five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for" eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 








