Salesforce 223--Senior-It-Systems-Security-Architect.Txt




salesforce is seeking a  sr. it security architect  to join its information security team. this is a technical hands-on role will work closely with business partners across it to: review security requirements, recommend architecture, and offer practical solutions.   as a sr. it security architect, you will be partnering with various business units in architectural design reviews to ensure the solution have adequate protection to mitigate security risks.   domain specific requirements (min. 5+ years) a successful candidate will have security experiences transitioning from a data-center centric model to a cloud-centric paradigm.   expectations for this role are to:
provide directions, guidance, and support to infrastructure teams on how to secure on-prem, and cloud infrastructure. provide architectural guidance on securing virtualized, containerized, and software-defined environments (networks, systems, databases). address the security concerns such as security configuration monitoring and analysis across disparate clouds. enumerate controls for appropriate to the system and data classifications throughout different iaas providers (aws, azure, google, ...). provide rationalization of on-prem and on-cloud compliance requirements. maintain knowledge of industry practice and standards.
general requirements

interpersonal skills to work closely with business units and ensure that security practices are integrated within their technology domains. background in securing multi-tenant services, and/or architecting separation controls in cloud systems. able to provide architectural guidance from high-level design to detailed (hands-on) implementation of security controls. assist in drafting and reviewing company-wide it security strategy and action plans based on security risk and potential threats. understanding of global security and privacy regulation (pci, iso, fedramp, hipaa, cjis, etc.).
qualifications / experiences

9+ years of relevant work experience, including hands-on technical advisory and coding skills, and proven ability to contribute at both strategic and operational levels. demonstrated technicality across a range of security disciplines. ability to translate technical concepts into language for audiences. a proven ability to build relationships with key stakeholders and business leaders. bachelors degree in computer science or engineering with an emphasis in information security or a related field, or equivalent experience.
desired skills / experiences:

cissp (certified information system security professional) or equivalent. certification and/or expert experience in a major operating system. proficiency in scripting languages: perl, python, powershell, ruby, etc. knowledgeable in security trends, products and tooling.
about salesforce salesforce, the customer success platform, and world's #1 crm, empowers companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way.  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. together, with our whole ohana (hawaiian for "family") made up of our employees, customers, partners, and communities, we are working to improve the state of the world.   *fy-i








