Salesforce 10--Strategic-Account-Executive-Enterprise-Market---Retail.Txt




job title:  strategic account executive, enterprise market - retail location:  seattle, wa / san francisco, ca / portland, or salesforce is more than just the world's #1 crm platform.  it's a massive community of experts and evangelists and a commitment to helping our customers achieve the growth they are seeking.  people, products, markets, and channels are more connected than ever.  salesforce provides competitive advantages in these hyperconnected markets with real time engagement across entire enterprise ecosystems.  we help our customers connect devices, sell faster, service effectively, and outpace the competition. role description: the salesforce strategic account executive, enterprise market - retail creates, identifies and closes sales for the entire salesforce offering within a specific set of named accounts.  as the individual who represents salesforce to these accounts and drives the revenue, this person must be a self-starting closer who can create a large pipeline of business within a short period of time and work with existing clients as well as new logo opportunities to create creative solutions to complex business issues.  we look for business athletes who are aggressive team players - hungry, nimble and intelligent - with the ability and willingness to close a mix of complex, strategic enterprise solutions.  your impact:

identify, uncover, and develop account opportunities within a given territory. direct, manage and lead the strategy of other pursuit team members, company resources, and partners throughout the sales cycle. excellent ability to properly qualify projects to maximize an efficient sales cycle. accurately forecast and close recognizable retail brands to exceed customer acquisition goals. develop and deliver custom sales presentations and demonstrations. choreograph and conduct on-site assessments of customer requirements and needs.


min 7+ years of experience selling technology solutions to large enterprise and fortune level customers ba/bs degree


successful background in complex, executive-level sales processes experience selling into and building relationships within retail customers must have a consistent record of quota achievement must have experience in a team sales environment, excel at team building and have a proven track record of team leadership demonstrate excellent verbal and written communication skills a technical background and aptitude is important strong time management, organization, and decision making skills are critical


  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 










