Salesforce 76--Success-Specialist---App-Cloud.Txt




job description: the success specialist is a thought leader that engages with clients to accelerate their adoption of salesforce solutions that transform their businesses and achieve business objectives. a key method will be the delivery of success accelerators which are targeted engagements designed to increase product awareness, provide industry best practices, and drive business transformation to improve customer's adoption and overall product value and consumption. the success specialist also plays a critical role within the customer success group (csg), serving as a strategic advisor with hands-on platform app cloud expertise to support the company's largest, most complex enterprise customers. this strategic role actively participates in the specialist community to share customer success stories and best practice expertise related to platform app cloud. it is also part of the larger success services brand, which is the integrated suite of service offerings that help customers obtain results faster. this is an incredible opportunity to become part of a leading team of experts to drive growth and expertise across the most innovative company in the world, and help define the vision and usage for the next generation of cloud solutions. responsibilities:
deliver success accelerator engagements spanning the platform app cloud accelerator suite, comprised of broad architecture concepts such as master data management, application integration, security, and architecture assessments facilitate high impact, technical / application architecture workshops targeted at all levels of an organization (c-level, vp, mid-level management and project team) to solve complex architecture challenges, drive stronger adoption, and transform organizations. participate in the design, development and (pilot/production) delivery of success accelerators - targeted engagements designed to address specific areas with concrete business goals. become a recognized platform app cloud expert, maintaining technology and domain expertise. partner with our product teams to understand and track the latest platform architecture concepts and apply creatively to success accelerator delivery. promote customer stories and schedule sessions with various cross-functional teams such as product management, customer success, sales engineering, sales, alliances, marketing and development to replicate and scale our success. participate in internal strategic initiatives to grow the specialist practice, serving as an active contributor to the practice knowledge and resource base by identifying existing expertise and enriching technical and non-technical  salesforce.com , customer and partner colleagues. help our customers to connect with and learn from their peers by creating "user groups" to foster further collaboration. develop productive relationships with sales teams, providing thought leadership and positioning accelerator packages as needed in pre-sales efforts. lead business and technical requirements discussions. understand customer implementation issues in order to provide best practice recommendations for resolution. review and correct project direction, approach and key artifacts to keep programs on track and solutions extensible and maintainable going forward. identify and proactively manage risk areas and commit to seeing an issue through to complete resolution. address complex problems and negotiate solutions with customers and third-party partners while maintaining manageable customer expectations. provide leadership product recommendations or modifications based on interactions with customer implementations
10+ years of relevant experience in professional services, consulting, sales or customer support operations. 5+ years of  salesforce.com  technical / application architecture, systems integration and/or implementation experience. extensive enterprise consulting experience, deep understanding of industry best practices and takes consultative approach to deliver accelerators strong presentation skills with the ability to lead high powered workshops and effectively tailor messaging based on the audience and subject matter. thorough understanding of the fundamentals of  salesforce.com  products and how they should be leveraged to solve business challenges. proven ability to interact with all levels of an organization-technical and non-technical customers, attain relevant technical and business requirements, and articulate comprehensive solutions. ability to present recommended solutions and obtain customer acceptance to solution design. strong aptitude toward communicating complex business and technical concepts using visualization and modeling aids. ability to conceptualize and design sophisticated wireframes, workflows, and diagrams. a passion for continued education in new technologies and functionality, as well as to be involved in projects that push the capabilities of existing technologies. strong communications skills, both written and verbal with an ability to effectively develop materials that are appropriate for the audience and evangelize key concepts and best practices. experience with agile and waterfall implementation methodologies and ability to drive outcomes. ability to collaborate with teams of all shapes and sizes while also being able to work independently as a self-starter on an as-needed basis. ability to operate and interact with customers in a remote / virtual environment. relevant implementation experience with one or more sales cloud products. maintains core  salesforce.com  certifications: administrator, advanced administrator, developer, sales cloud consultant or service cloud consultant (depending on cloud focus, more to come). occasional travel to the client site (expected average 25%), but may vary based on client requirements.
preferred qualifications:
must demonstrate good judgment and pragmatic approach to leading workshops to transform organizations and lead to stronger adoption. strong experience in mapping specific business requirements to  salesforce.com  product features. familiarity with systems integrations such as crm, content management, pos/commerce or data warehouse. familiarity and experience with interactions between the cloud offerings (i.e. service cloud, marketing cloud…) ability to understand business requirements and convert them into technology solutions. must maintain working relationships and knowledge of the  salesforce.com  ecosystem. foundation /  salesforce.org  experience is preferred. ability to speak french is preferred.
  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 








