Salesforce 356--Account-Executive-Commercial-Market---Financial-Services.Txt




account executive, commercial market - financial services locations:  san francisco, ca dallas, tx
about salesforce:   these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company" five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for" eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  role description: we are currently looking for a resourceful, driven, sales professional with a competitive spirit, and strong business acumen to help our commercial market customers in the financial services space reach new levels of customer success. if you have a curiosity for technology, a passion for making your customers successful, and the ability to articulate the roi of an enterprise solution across multiple stakeholders, then this could be the role for you. successful account executives at salesforce have experience doing deep levels of discovery and objection handling at every level. they are engaged with their customers at every level of the sales cycle, from account planning, through the development of the deal, to the close of business, and beyond. they are trusted advisors to the c-suite and the end users. this person won't simply focus on selling the world's #1 crm solution, they will also cross sell our entire suite of products, which includes world class solutions for: customer service, marketing, community, analytics, apps and more. they will leverage their expertise in the financial services industry to drive new revenue, and help our customers reach new levels of success. our goal is to build an organization of smart, ambitious account executives, committed to our mission and focused on winning, but able to balance this with a respectful, healthy environment and lifestyle. at salesforce, integrity and reliability are as important as talent and effort. minimum qualifications:

10+ years of quota carrying software or technology sales and account management experience
preferred qualifications:

2+ years of quota carrying, technology solution-based sales experience within the financial services industry experience managing and closing complex sales-cycles previous sales methodology training crm experience strong, demonstrated written and verbal communication skills ability to work in a fast paced, team selling environment track record of over-achieving quota (top 10-20% of company) in past positions strong customer references 4-year ba/bs degree required or equivalent practical experience

  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company" five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for" eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. ​








