Salesforce 80--Director-Of-Product-Management-Lightning-Data.Txt




the lightning data team is seeking a product management director to drive the success of our machine learning and data integration platform, by ensuring its traction and growth with customers and data partners.  we are looking for a product manager with excellent analytical skills and the ability to convey complex concepts in simple terms to customers, data partners, and internal stakeholders, who will thrive in a fast paced environment.

we are building data-driven use cases that help customers sell, and disrupting the data integration space for salesforce.  as a product management director for the lightning data team you will be responsible for the success of key platform capabilities.  this involves defining epics and user stories, and working with designers and scrum teams to ensure that customers realize the potential of data-driven apps and einstein predictive models.

we are looking for a product management director who thrives in a rapid, collaborative environment, and loves working with the best technology team in the world.
responsibilities: .partner with technology team to deliver a world-class machine learning and data integration platform with input from customers, prospects, advisory teams and internal product experts. · drive entire feature delivery lifecycle: research customer/user needs; write user stories; partner with ux to design and prototype; work with engineering to develop, test and deliver a marketable product on time; collaborate with customer facing roles to drive market awareness and customer adoption. · represent salesforce as a domain and product expert at customer meetings, industry and corporate events, online in customer community and through social networking. · engage with customers of all sizes for requirements gathering and roadmap briefings. · define and analyze metrics that inform the success of your product. required skills: · leadership - proven ability to excite and lead a cross-functional engineering team · excellent organizational, written and oral communication skills
· 5 years of product management experience with enterprise applications, preferably with sales intelligence, systems integration, or master data management · ability to gather and transform business requirements and market needs into a successful product strategy · comfort working high and low – from presenting strategy to execs, to defining acceptance criteria for your scrum teams · ability to handle sensitive customer situations · proven ability to deliver on commitments with a can-do attitude · experience with agile development methodologies like scrum · bachelor's degree (technical disciplines preferred). desired skills:
· direct experience building a platform · mba or ms in computer science or similar · salesforce experience and general knowledge of force.com and other salesforce products *li-y








