Salesforce 188--Senior-Director-Product-Management.Txt




are you a technical product leader with a passion for javascript frameworks such as react, angular or ember and loves working with developers? we're looking for an exceptional product manager to join the lightning platform team and drive the lightning component framework - salesforce's ui framework for developing dynamic web apps for desktop and mobile. your products form the foundation of the salesforce user interface, and customizations of that experience. they are used by salesforce developers internally to build the next generation of our leading apps such as sales cloud, service cloud and salesforce1 mobile, as well as by our community of over 3 million developers to build their own apps. we are looking for talented, ambitious, self-directed technologists to lead and build our next generation platform.  responsibilities
define product strategy and create detailed requirements. build and maintain roadmaps for one or more products and work with other pms to deliver a unified vision. inspire and lead teams of architects, engineers, ux designers, and doc writers to implement features. facilitate communication throughout the development process between a variety of internal teams as well as customer-facing teams, ensuring that products satisfy customers' needs and are highly adopted.  serve as a product evangelist with marketing, sales, support, and more to help them understand the vision, roadmap and best practices.  define and analyze metrics that inform the success of your products.  integrate usability studies, research and market analysis into product requirements to enhance user satisfaction. be the trusted advisor during customer interactions, events, and through social media.

passion to build outstanding products. self-motivated, detail-oriented, and entrepreneurial. creative thinker who thrives on solving challenging problems.  technical expertise with javascript and/or javascript frameworks such as react or angular, html and css. you should be able to read and ideally write code, though you aren't an engineer. experience with open source projects is a plus. hold your own in debates with technical architects and engineers. grasp the big picture, while still delivering on the details. ability to work well under pressure and manage multiple tasks simultaneously.  exceptional communication and presentation skills.  experience managing teams using agile/scrum methodologies.  5+ years of product management  experience 8+ years professional software development experience (front end). bs or ms in computer science or related field.








