Salesforce 210--Summer-2018-Intern-Global-Strategic-Sourcing.Txt




title:  summer 2018 intern, global strategic sourcing location:  san francisco, ca type:  internship about the global corporate services team: do you like interacting with people? do you enjoy learning about what's going on in the market for an industry or a particular category of purchase? do you enjoy negotiating with suppliers and directly impacting the bottom line? if you responded with yes to any of the questions above, then global s2s is the function you'd want to sign up for.  we are a team of professionals who are driven to achieve the best value for the company's spend while bringing quality, improved service levels and minimizing business, financial and security risks. you will learn and experience, first hand, how a procurement dept operates, how we provide ‘duty of care' for our travelers, how we strategically approach a buy/deal, what requirements are important to our internal business partners and executives, and which terms of a contract we care about and how to negotiate them, and how we touch and impact the entire enterprise. you can even apply what you learn with us in your everyday personal lives. we do all this … with fun, passion, and a high level of ethical standards. you will be joining a team of collaborative members who are all committed to helping you experience the best internship possible.   experience/skills required:
current sophomore pursuing a degree in business, specifically with an interest in supply chain or related disciplines excel powerpoint analytic skills
experience/skills desired:

process flow charting negotiation skills business acumen presentation skills
about futureforce: salesforce's global university recruiting program is dedicated to attracting, retaining and cultivating next generation talent. our interns and new graduates work on real projects that affect how our business runs, giving them the opportunity to make a tangible impact on the future of our company. with offices all over the world, our recruits have the chance to collaborate and connect with fellow employees on a global scale. we offer job shadowing, mentorship programs, talent development courses, and much more.








