Salesforce 366--Summer-2018-Internship-Mba-Program-Management-Amer-Solutions-(Pre-Sales).Txt




summer 2018 internship, mba program management, amer solutions (pre-sales) specialist team

about futureforce:


futureforce helps college students or new grads experience life at salesforce, one of the world's most innovative companies 5­-years-­running and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” 8-years-running. futureforce interns work on live projects, giving them the opportunity to make a tangible impact that they can show to friends, family, and future employers ­­if we don't hire them first (and, we hire 80% of our eligible interns)!



they have the chance to collaborate and connect with the salesforce interns from all over the world. and, like all salesforce employees, interns also have many possibilities to volunteer, making a lasting impact in the community.



futureforce offers a collaborative work environment, which fosters innovation, provides flexibility and most importantly is fun!



about the pre-sales team:



pre-sales, sometimes called sales engineering, is the powerhouse of all sales organizations in the software industry, but is not widely understood. we are the people who dig in to understand the customer's problems and goals, then leverage the awesome power of the salesforce product portfolio to build them a solution. we help them understand why the solution solves their problem, why it is better than the competition, how they will be able to embrace it and why they should buy it. the team members are technical people who can sell and are great communicators. we also help build demand, steer product direction, train our colleagues and customize new solutions. we demo, we present, we facilitate, we build, we innovate.



about the mba program management role :



the mba intern in the specialist sales engineering team will own or have an impact on various projects which are aimed at helping us perform our role in a more organized fashion, do a better job of marketing our capabilities, coordinate us to work closer together and help us go-to-market in a more effective way. previous people in the role have been hugely impactful and have worked on projects such as :-


innovating, managing and leading the execution of a major workshop based pipeline generation program which continues to this day

managing the process that works with the senior leadership team to build quarterly summary presentations

branding and marketing a brand new team across the company

consolidating assets for the largest salesforce cloud into a single structure, innovating the platform for managing it, designing and managing a process to roll it out to improve the skills of over a thousand people in that technology








pursuing an mba degree

bachelor's degree from top undergrad

2-4 years of work experience in sales, marketing, or business development

strong in analytical and presentation tools such as excel and ppt

flexibility and ability to adjust on the fly to new demands; sense of urgency

extremely strong executive presentation and engagement skills

self-motivated with a highly collaborative style and strong influence skills

ability to handle multiple projects concurrently

some technical knowledge of saas products

san francisco location greatly preferred









