Salesforce 47--Salesforceiq---Senior-_-Lead-Data-Engineer---Foundation-Team.Txt




the salesforceiq data engineering team is looking for senior/lead data engineers with scala and/or spark experience, to help us take one of the world's most extensive data sets and transform it into amazing products that feel like magic.

a typical day for you might include the following:


developing data infrastructure for real-time and batch pipeline that is able to ingest and transform data at huge scale coming from many different sources, different customers, and in many different varieties.

bring in the best practices to build and maintain our next generation data lake and/or extract transform load (etl) pipeline. your specific challenge would be to build this for both scale (handle 10x data) and speed.

ml pipeline: redesign our machine learning (ml) data pipeline using technologies such as apache spark, apache storm, amazon s3 etc.

brainstorming data product ideas, and work closely with data scientists, product management and operations team to develop, test, deploy, and operate high quality software.




5+ years software development experience with a distinguished track record on technically demanding projects

experience building at least one big-data pipeline in production with modern data storage, messaging, and processing tools (kafka, spark, hadoop, cassandra, etc.)

deep knowledge of at least one of the following big-data technologies e.g., spark, cassandra, storm, hadoop, hbase

2-5 years of professional experience working with modern programming languages, such as java, scala or equivalent.

passion for creating new products and services, including being comfortable with the ambiguity associated with designing new products.

bs or ms in computer science or equivalent

we run on aws. we dockerize applications. you should have some notion of how to build, test, and deploy code to run on cloud infrastructure.

you have to be self sufficient - we operate like a startup, so everyone might do a bit of everything to get things done. you have to want to make a difference - we don't like status quo. we are looking for people who want to excel at everything they do, while still being able to prioritize between the must-haves and nice-to-haves.









