Salesforce 224--Senior-Director-Partner-Marketing.Txt




senior director, partner marketing san francisco, ca (hq)   about salesforce   these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.     job summary   as the senior director of partner marketing, you are responsible for creating and driving the execution of highly strategic marketing programs with system integrators (sis) and agency partners. the primary charter of this highly visible role is to support salesforce's go-to-market strategy by creating and executing innovative marketing programs that support the company's growth goals through a vibrant partner community.   salesforce is transforming the industry and this position will play a leadership role in driving the development and management of our strategic si alliances ecosystem.   about the team you'll join a team that is passionate about driving executive and partner marketing programs that fuel growth, trust, inspiration and success for our partners and customers. the partner marketing team epitomizes salesforce creativity, collaboration and core values, demonstrated though our relationships with our top partners, while delivering high-value co-marketing opportunities.   responsibilities
drive innovative partner co-marketing strategy and programs with top strategic alliance partners.  inspire, lead and support execution of joint marketing campaigns and tactics including internal and external events, demand generation programs and communications.  manage team focused on partner marketing programs and activities.  assist with global event sponsorships and support event benefits including ensuring partners maximize their presence.  work cross-functionally with corporate, campaign, and product marketing teams to support dreamforce and world tour events.  provide support for marketing initiatives including collateral production and approvals, customer stories, press releases, videos, social media materials and more to drive both thought leadership and demand. lead recurring marketing team calls with partners and salesforce colleagues.  align with partner marketing leads and drive execution across teams.  share updates on strategies, plans and tactics with both salesforce and partner stakeholders.  responsible for campaign reporting to measure effectiveness and pipeline impact.  manage co-marketing funds to optimize the impact and results across assigned partners.  gather funding requests, prioritize and follow-through on budget commitments with partners.  execute multiple, simultaneous marketing programs that require balancing trade-offs and high-speed tactical execution.  as a partner advisor and advocate, be an expert collaborator with a diverse set of internal and partner constituencies including marketing teams, legal, finance, support, and sales.
bachelor level degree with marketing focus. mba desired.  at least 10 years of high-tech marketing experience including campaigns, events, communications, preferably with a fast growth company  experience managing teams passionate about the partner ecosystem partner marketing experience with focus on systems integrators.  strong communication skills, high credibility presence.  experience curating needs and ideas to create a cogent strategy.  skillful at aligning marketing resources and adapting efforts across multiple stakeholders, above and beyond following an established plan.  experience with the salesforce application including reporting and dashboards.  strong project management skills and an ability to develop and deliver campaigns and programs within a very high velocity, shifting environment. sense of humor. curiosity and ability to approach challenges with a "what if” mind-set.









