Salesforce 143--Associate-Creative-Director-–-Global-Events.Txt




associate creative director – dreamforce / events   the creative & digital team at salesforce is looking for a leader on our global events team. the associate creative director works with their team, internal clients and external agencies to establish strategic and creative approaches across all global events; focusing primarily on dreamforce the world's largest software conference.   requirements:


a minimum of 10 years of experience in the creative industry. 	a solid academic background (advanced degree(s) are a plus).

award-winning portfolio.

successful history of creating impressive experiences and installation for large scale event, a huge plus.

establish project vision and manage through execution.

can generate conceptual, useful, usable ideas and bring them to life.

continually develop practices and processes to inspire, innovate, and harness new ways of thinking.

act as a strategic and conceptual leader on projects.

actively train, mentor, and manage junior-level and mid-level creative team members.

innate problem-solver and master of putting things into focus.

work in conjunction with the client team to actively build a strong relationship with a given client.

incredible attention to detail.

can articulate, defend, and justify conceptual ideas and design choices.

manages multiple projects, clients, and budgets within deadlines.


specific knowledge/skills:   leadership: inspire and lead the a team, be a champion for the brand, be an ambassador for creative and bring to life your design skills in new innovative ways.


you are a thought leader with a strong point of view and the ability to contribute to strategic development of an assignment; creative ideas and the ability to promote conceptual thinking among the team.

you have expertise in leading, directing, designing and managing a group of cross-disciplinary team members.

you have a solid understanding of the event media space as well as the marketing industry at large; ability and a desire to adapt to the changing landscape of technology.

your ability to provide art direction and overall leadership for strategic and client direction is unsurpassed.

you are a master at establishing client relationships and can easily act as a creative leader for the partner / client.

lead by example and consistently create differentiating, pioneering ideas that conceptualize world-class solutions.


curiosity: willingness to learn is key.


you are obsessed with finding the inspiring truths that lead ideas that solve business problems.

you can conceive of engaging ideas that help propel a brand and result in visually stunning creative solutions.


collaboration: dreamforce is a team sport and building great relationships is key to success.

passion: know what is right for dreamforce and salesforce — and fight for it.


you are obsessed with finding the inspiring truths that lead to ideas that solve business problems.


flexibility: things move fast in our world. know when to partner and when to challenge.


you care about doing the right thing, not just meeting client/team expectations.


communication skills: able to manage up and manage down. approachable and open to feedback, and thrive on transparent communication.


you have excellent communication skills — including verbal, written, interpersonal, and interdepartmental.


about salesforce  we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, the world's most innovative company according to forbes, and one of fortune's 100 best companies to work for six years running. the growth, innovation, and aloha spirit of salesforce are driven by our incredible employees who thrive on delivering success for our customers while also finding time to give back through our 1/1/1 model, which leverages 1% of our time, equity, and product to improve communities around the world. salesforce is a team sport, and we play to win. join us!









