Salesforce 66--Senior-Program-Manager-Salesforce.Txt






we are looking for a candidate that will program manage the exciting new salesforce pathfinder program (http://sforce.co/2yfixiu), including blazing a successful launch in indianapolis in 2018. our more human, less corporate culture is built around doing work that matters, winning as a team and celebrating success aloha-style. ready to find your #dreamjob?




convert requirements and feedback, from a diverse group of stakeholders, into a  program vision and plan develop and obtain stakeholder agreement on success criteria. manage the scope, schedule, and resources of the pathfinder program by tracking status and open issues and keeping all stakeholders informed in a timely manner. proactively identify challenges and risks, working closely with the cross-functional team to address and mitigate them. anticipate next steps and identify/make tradeoffs to balance stakeholders needs and resources constraints identify and track cross-functional dependencies. develop and drive workable solutions to problems by analyzing and comparing business trade-offs with alternatives create replicable end-to-end program implementation process, including: design, stakeholders management, cross-functional dependencies resolution, training, change management and communications establish and champion the use of best practices, common tools, and well-defined, documented processes. research, design, and specify program and process design for both training and enablement functions, working with a broad group of stakeholders including an external partner (deloitte) as well as across the entire company (recruiting, trailhead, tech & products, enablement)



senior program leadership expert with ability to see end-to-end process and drive to resolution 6-8 years of experience in complex program/project management with proven success in managing to metrics, timelines and budget, previous management consulting experience is highly desired attention to detail, excellent organizational and multi-tasking skills excellent facilitation and communication skills track record of success managing stakeholders expectations across all levels of organization intuitive ability to see the big picture and how current tactical skills will impact future outcomes prior experience with salesforce crm preferred prior experience in a training or enablement environment highly desired passion for getting things done ba or bs required


  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 











