Salesforce 349--Account-Executive-Commercial-Market-Healthcare-&-Life-Sciences.Txt




account executive, commercial market, healthcare & life sciences




about salesforce:

seventeen years ago, we launched salesforce with a vision to reinvent crm in the cloud. and a new technology model was born. we also put aside 1% of our equity, 1% of our employee time, and 1% of our product to form the salesforce foundation. these two key decisions have fueled our incredible growth, made us the global leader in crm, defined the era of cloud computing, and inspired a new philanthropic model for all to follow. today, salesforce is powering innovation in sales, service, marketing, community, analytics, apps, and more.



thanks to our dedicated employees, partners, and the customers we serve, our industry-leading customer platform has become the world's leading enterprise cloud ecosystem. industries and companies of all sizes can connect to their customers like never before using the latest innovations in mobile, social, and cloud technology. welcome to the customer success platform.




we are currently looking for a resourceful, driven, team player with a competitive spirit, and strong business acumen to help our customers in the commercial market reach new levels of customer success. if you have a curiosity for technology, a passion for making your customers successful, and the ability to articulate the roi of an enterprise solution across multiple stakeholders, than this could be the role for you.



successful account executives at salesforce have experience doing deep levels of discovery and objection handling at every level. they are engaged with their customers at every level of the sales cycle, from account planning, through the development of the deal, to the close of business, and beyond. they are trusted advisors to the c-suite and the end users.



this person won't simply focus on selling the world's #1 crm solution, they will also cross sell our entire suite of products, which includes world class solutions for: customer service, marketing, community, analytics, apps and more.



our goal is to build an organization of smart, ambitious account executives, committed to our mission and focused on winning, but able to balance this with a respectful, healthy environment and lifestyle. at salesforce, integrity and reliability are as important as talent and effort.


4-year ba/bs degree required or equivalent practical experience 9 + years of quota carrying software or technology sales and account management experience

preferred qualifications:

experience managing and closing complex sales-cycles previous sales methodology training  crm experience  strong and demonstrated written and verbal communications skills ability to work in a fast paced, team environment track record of over-achieving quota (top 10-20% of company) in past positions strong customer references experience selling into healthcare and life sciences a plus but not required
*li-r










