Salesforce 36--Account-Executive-Mid-Commercial-Marketing-Cloud.Txt




marketing cloud account executive (midmarket) about the salesforce marketing cloud  the salesforce marketing cloud is a leading global provider of cross-channel digital marketing solutions that empower organizations of all sizes to communicate with their customers through email, mobile, social media, web and marketing automation. we're driven by a deep understanding of marketers' needs—because we're marketers too. no other digital marketing company invests in product innovation the way we do, giving our clients access to truly cutting-edge technology. joining forces with salesforce, pioneers in cloud computing, we offer an even more superior experience to our customers and employees.  by partnering state-of-the-art technology with the best and brightest employees in the industry, we foster a culture of constant innovation and growth.   about the position the account executive creates, identifies and closes sales for the marketing cloud within a specific geographical region for growth accounts. as the individual who represents the marketing cloud and drives the revenue, this person must be a self-starting closer who can create a large pipeline of business within a short period of time and work with existing clients as well as new logo opportunities. we look for business athletes who are aggressive team players - hungry, nimble and intelligent - with the ability and willingness to close a mix of complex and more transactional deals.   responsibilities • create and drive revenue within a specific geographical region for growth accounts (companies with 200-1000 employees) • generate business opportunities through professional networking and cold-calling • drive brand awareness, campaigns, and lead generation via networking, associations, etc. • meet and exceed all quarterly and annual sales quotas • own the sales cycle - from lead generation to closure • develop strategic territory business plan • maintain account and opportunity forecasting within our internal sfa system • generate leads from tradeshows and regional networking events • ensure 100% customer satisfaction and retention     requirements • a proven sales hunter and closer with experience working varying sizes of accounts  • 7+ years of outside marketing software sales experience • strong preference for digital marketing sales experience • proven track record of sales excellence • be able to work independently & as part of a team in a fast pace, rapid change environment • superior professional presence and business acumen​ • experience selling at the "c" level – cmo is a plus ​   these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  together, with our whole ohana (hawaiian for family") made up of our employees, customers, partners and communities, we are working to improve the state of the world.








