Salesforce 326--Summer-2018-Intern-Global-Technology-Sourcing.Txt




title:  summer 2018 intern, global technology sourcing location:  san francisco, ca type:  internship about the global technology sourcing team: do you like interacting with people? do you enjoy analyzing a market for an industry or a particular category of purchase? do you enjoy learning about key technologies, their trends, and negotiating with suppliers so that you can directly impact the bottom line? if you responded with yes to any of the questions above, then this role might be for you.  we are a team of professionals who are driven to achieve the best value for the company while bringing quality, improved service levels and minimizing business, financial and security risks. you will learn and experience how a sourcing team operates, how we help make software, hardware, network, and data center decisions, how we strategically approach a category and its market trends, how we coordinate with internal business partners, legal teams, and executives, and how we manage contract negotiation.  you can apply what you learn in your everyday life.  you will be joining a team of collaborative members who are all committed to helping you experience the best internship possible and maintain high level of ethical standards. experience/skills required:
a current sophomore pursuing a degree in business, computer science, mis, informatics, or supply chain ms excel or equivalent analytics and research
experience/skills desired:

data, business, operational, or statistical analysis   problem or project management process flow charting strategic analysis negotiation communications, presentation web design
about futureforce: salesforce's global university recruiting program is dedicated to attracting, retaining and cultivating next generation talent. our interns and new graduates work on real projects that affect how our business runs, giving them the opportunity to make a tangible impact on the future of our company. with offices all over the world, our recruits have the chance to collaborate and connect with fellow employees on a global scale. we offer job shadowing, mentorship programs, talent development courses, and much more.








