Salesforce 57--Corporate-Counsel-Or-Sr.-Corporate-Counsel-Global-Labor-&-Employment.Txt




corporate counsel or sr. corporate counsel, global labor & employment  san francisco, ca about salesforce:   these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 

description: the salesforce legal team delivers innovative, trusted and world-class legal services to advance and protect salesforce's interests while creating a fulfilling work environment for our legal family. salesforce seeks to hire an attorney who will join the global employment law team and help provide world-class employment law support to the human resources organization and the business.  this attorney will be based in salesforce's san francisco office.


be a trusted legal partner to the employee success organization and the business navigating sensitive and wide-ranging issues from noncompetition agreements, hiring and recruiting issues, discipline, investigations, wage and hour, leaves of absence, workplace accommodations, terminations, workforce restructuring activities, mergers and acquisitions and related matters. partner with various internal stakeholders to determine strategy and approach on employment-related policies, guidelines, and processes with an approach that balances pragmatism, risk, and compliance. investigate and respond to demand letters and agency complaints and audits (eeoc, dfeh, dol, ofccp, dlse, etc.). manage labor and employment litigation matters with in-house litigation counsel as they arise. provide legal support for our international employee success and employee relations business partners.


undergraduate and law degree from highly-regarded school 8+ years combined experience in law firm and/or in-house legal department, preferably with experience supporting global regions excellent written/verbal communication and negotiation skills highly responsive and service-oriented attitude ability to organize, prioritize and manage deadlines in a fast-based and demanding work environment ability to maintain strong working relationships with demanding internal clients sound and practical business judgment sense of humor!











