Salesforce 122--Account-Executive-Growth-Business-Marketing-Cloud.Txt






about the salesforce marketing cloud

the salesforce marketing cloud is a leading global provider of cross-channel digital marketing solutions that empower organizations of all sizes to communicate with their customers through email, mobile, social media, web and marketing automation. we're motivated by a deep understanding of marketers' needs—because we're marketers too. no other digital marketing company invests in product innovation the way we do, giving our clients access to truly superior technology. joining efforts with salesforce, pioneers in cloud computing, we offer an even more extensive experience to our customers and employees. by partnering the best technology with the best employees in the industry, we champion a culture of constant innovation and growth.


you will build, identify and close sales for the marketing cloud for growth accounts. you should be a self-starting closer who can build a large pipeline of business within a short period of time and work with existing clients as well as new logo opportunities.

we look for business athletes who are aggressive teammates - hungry, nimble and intelligent - with the ability and willingness to close a mix of complex and more transactional deals.

your responsibilities


build and drive revenue within a specific geographical region for growth accounts (companies with 45-200 employees)

generate business opportunities through professional networking and cold-calling

drive brand awareness, campaigns, and lead generation via networking, associations, etc.

meet and exceed all quarterly and annual sales quotas

be responsible for the sales cycle - from lead generation to closure

develop strategic territory business plan

maintain account and opportunity forecasting within our internal sfa system

generate leads from tradeshows and regional networking events

ensure 100% customer satisfaction and retention




a validated sales hunter and closer with experience working growth accounts (companies with 45-200 employees)

4+ years of outside marketing software sales experience & a ba/bs degree strongly preferred

strong preference for digital marketing sales experience

consistent record of sales excellence

be able to work independently & as part of a team in a fast pace, rapid change environment

superior professional presence and business acumen

experience selling at the "c" level – cmo is a plus


  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 

salesforce.com and salesforce.org are equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employers. qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/cvs through this web site or directly to managers. salesforce.com and salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. salesforce.com and salesforce.org will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with salesforce.com or salesforce.org.


eeo - it's the law. *li-y








