Salesforce 14--Principal-Program-Manager.Txt




founded in 1999, salesforce.com is the enterprise cloud-computing leader. our social and mobile cloud technologies — including our flagship sales and crm applications — help companies connect with customers, partners, and employees in entirely new ways. with more than 100,000 customers worldwide, we are proud to contribute to the success of companies of all sizes and industries, around the globe. if you're passionate about innovation, come help revolutionize how companies collaborate and communicate with customers.



salesforce.com is seeking an experienced director level principal program manager to lead large scale/transformational it programs, and mentor a team of fellow program and project managers. as a seasoned principal program manager, she/he will lead the delivery of multiple enterprise-wide it solutions with focus on saas solution implementations and it enterprise application development. this seasoned it executive will have a deep technical background and significant experience with both it infrastructure and software development.




-       leads the successful implementation of large scale, transformative it programs.

-       charters large scale it investments by facilitating the definition of program objectives, success criteria, scope, governance, multi-year schedule, and budget.

-       defines effective program management processes, structure, roles, and responsibilities to successful execution and delivery of business objectives.

-       leads business and it executives in scope alignment and definition sessions, identifies program critical success factors and drives mitigation of significant issues and risks.

-       manages multiple technical teams providing technology and methodology leadership ensuring the delivery of elegant and innovative it solutions to high impact business opportunities.

-       implements and coaches others on industry leading practices in program scope, schedule, and financial management. effectively removes blockers and mitigates project risks maximizing team productivity and ensuring delivery.

-       as a principal member of staff, mentors other project managers, inspiring high performance and championing a customer first department vision that both ensures maximum team engagement as well as outstanding customer satisfaction.



experience/skills required:

-    successfully led at least 5+ enterprise-level cross-functional transformational programs

-       12 - 15 years of project management experience

-       5+ years of agile sw development experience.

-   3+ years of experience in leading significant client engagements in industry leading professional services organization

-       bachelors of science degree with minimum of 5 year of hands-on technical work experience.

-  technical depth and experience in implementing at least two or more of the following: enterprise application implementations across enterprise business domains (sales/gtm, customer success & services, hr, finance or marketing), saas solution implementation, custom application development leveraging agile.

-   ability to drive work independently, identifying solutions, moving them to implementation, and developing long-range strategies.

-       develops, maintains, and strengthens partnerships with others inside and outside the project team who provide decision making, information, or support

-       achieves positive outcomes by identifying common interests, clarifying differences, and achieving consensus or compromise.

-       communicates a clear, vivid, inspiring and relevant description or picture of project benefits / value to the customer.

-       works to improve and reinforce performance in others; facilitates their skill development by providing clear, specific performance feedback, and making or eliciting suggestions for solutions/performance improvement.

-       calculates team velocity, ensures visibility by graphically charting iteration progress, and applies strong facilitation skills, ensuring team is continuously adapting and improving their productivity.

-       demonstrates mastery in all aspects of project management plan-driven methodology, including:

o   scope management

o   schedule management

o   financial management

o   issue & risk management

o   vendor, contract, & resources management

o   execution governance, monitoring, and control

-       well versed with sw development and it infrastructure practices, including two pertinent technical industry certifications.

-       strong business acumen and familiarity with broad range of business processes beyond those impacted project.




experience/skills desired:

-       experience as a scrum master (or equivalent experience with other agile methodologies)

-       software-as-a-service experience (saas)/cloud computing

-       salesforce application functional knowledge / implementation experience is a plus

-       master of business administration

-       pmi, pmp or similar certification/training

-       process and methodology development and training experience










