Salesforce 265--Director-Of-Product-Management-Partner-Communities.Txt




are you a seasoned product manager who gets excited about building large scale b2b cloud-based enterprise software? you've found your dream job! salesforce community cloud connects millions of employees, partners, and customers. our team seeks an experienced, self-driven, and energetic individual to join our ohana and help grow the partner community product line. our leading partner management solution is used by large and small customers worldwide, and big brands such as hp, schneider, coke, adidas, toyota to manage resellers, distributors, dealers, retailers, etc. this is a unique opportunity to work on a market leading partner management solution that extends salesforce #1 crm and drive strategic product initiatives in areas such as partner management, channel sales, channel marketing, and b2b commerce. key responsibilities:
own and drive all aspects of your product area from product vision and roadmap to delivery and customer adoption; sell your vision to key stakeholders leverage market analysis, competitive understanding, and customer research to identify product roadmap that will drive the growth of our b2b business interface regularly with customers at events, during sales engagements, and through ad hoc sessions to develop your product strategy and ensure customer success. translate product strategy into detailed requirements and prototypes, and work closely with designers, developers, and data scientists to make these a reality. serve as a product evangelist with marketing, sales, and the go-to-market organization to help them understand the vision, roadmap and best practices. be the go-to product expert in your area for other internal teams, executives, sales, marketing, customers, and partners. you will have detailed knowledge of your product area today as well as a broad vision for the future. drive and manage cross-cloud integration projects to ensure we working towards a cohesive customer solution in a large and complex environment.

minimum 8 years experience with at least 5 years product management experience in software. experience in channel sales, enterprise, and able to take product to market.  strong oral and written communication skills. significant experience in presentations to internal and external executives. keen interest in working on large scale b2b products for sales, service, and marketing. hands-on approach to test features, set up demos, work through complex customer challenges, etc. ability to manage competing and evolving priorities.  strong technical background with demonstrated ability to collaborate with high caliber engineering teams. experience with agile methodologies like scrum for software development. mba or masters in cs or other technical field demonstrated experience in gathering and transforming customer needs into an actionable product vision and requirements definition. excellent organizational skills, analytic capabilities, and attention to detail. strong user experience/design sense, with a record of building great products.
even better:

experience with salesforce product and platform a big plus enterprise saas product management experience is a plus knowledge or experience of prm solutions, portals, b2b commerce is a plus knowledge of partner management use cases across verticals is a plus
 the company was founded on three disruptive ideas: a new technology model in cloud computing, a pay-as- you-go business model, and a new integrated corporate philanthropy model. these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.   *li-y








