Salesforce 240--Software-Engineer---Quip.Txt





software engineer - quip

our goal at quip is to build a new class of productivity tool that every person at every company enjoys using every single day. what we're looking for: a software engineering generalist who's passionate and cares deeply about product development.

at quip, our engineers are always learning new things — we all work cross-platform and full-stack. we pride ourselves on writing high-quality code and maintainable systems that make our lives easier, across javascript, c++, python, java, and objective-c. every engineer works on exciting, meaningful projects that impact our technical and product strategy.

we work closely with product managers and designers to define new features, and help map the future of quip. we're building the next generation of products leveraging frameworks, such as re- act, and tackling complex problems related to large-scale backend infrastructure and mobile plat- forms. we're building a team of talented, thoughtful people who will work together to build an enduring company that will change the way teams work together.

experience/skills required

●  extraordinary software engineering talent 			●  knowledge of python, objective-c, javascript, sql, c++, java, or the ability to learn them quickly 			●  experience with web applications, databases, distributed systems, or mobile development a plus 			●  passion for learning and working with others to improve yourself, the team, the product, the company

if you're interested in working together and have a background in computer science or software engineering, please send us your resume!

  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 









