Salesforce 71--Summer-2018-Intern-Product-Design.Txt




summer 2018 intern, product design location: san francisco, ca your dream job. are you a problem solver, who loves working (and playing) in an energetic environment with thoughtful and intelligent people? as designers at salesforce, our mission is to reinvent the workplace by providing people with tools that make them more productive, insightful, and informed. we put customers first and we're looking for fun, empathetic, and passionate designers who want to reimagine what work means. you're a salesforce ux designer if: you're a maker, a doer, a thinker. what gets you fired up is putting pen to paper, sketching concepts, and capturing ideas. together, we'll distill complex problems and propose simple, elegant solutions. you're enthusiastic about new technology and eager to craft amazing user experiences. you follow the latest trends, download the newest apps, and can name your favorite design blogs. we enjoy working with people who are always learning and sharing new ideas with the team. you have deep empathy for the end user and want to provide the best experience. you put the customer at the heart of your process and can't wait to apply your  ux research and design  chops   to discover new insights and solve major challenges. understanding our users is essential to what we do, and we want designers who are genuinely curious about our users. you thrive in a collaborative environment and bring your own point of view to the table, drawing out the best in your team. we encourage interns who take the initiative to solicit feedback, connect with people outside their group, and ask lots of questions. sound like you? then you're someone we want to work with. join our outstanding ux team, and you'll work alongside our passionate and talented designers. when you get a breakthrough idea, we give you the power to run with it and make it a reality. you'll find startup-like scrum teams, consumer-style innovation, and the opportunity to deliver awesome experiences to millions of end-users. and you'll have a phenomenal internship experience in the process. responsibilities:
partner with your ux team and product managers to define, ideate, and iterate design solutions work with engineering and deliver functional specs that are turned into working products collaborate with our user research team to validate and test new ideas that become great user experiences create prototypes that illustrate the design solutions you're proposing focus on the details—this matters a lot—creating beautiful products makes using our software fun and builds trust with our customers

working towards an undergraduate or master's degree in the area of user experience, human factors, human computer interaction, or related field with a focus on design or research familiar with a design tool such as sketch or adobe cs can prototype your ideas with paper, clicks, or code using tools like invision, flinto, principle, or framer knowledge of visual design fundamentals including layout, color, and typography dedication to learning from users and a deep understanding of basic user research methods strong presentation and communication skills. able to clearly present your work and rationale to a variety of teammates and partners self-motivated and able to balance great design with meeting short deadlines able to give and receive design feedback able to produce results independently as well as part of a team an online design portfolio that demonstrates your process
nice to have:

basic understanding of html, css and js/jquery mobile app design, analytic / infographic design, icon design experience designing social products experience with pattern libraries
about futureforce: salesforce's global university recruiting program is dedicated to attracting, retaining and cultivating next generation talent. our interns and new graduates work on real projects that affect how our business runs, giving them the opportunity to make a tangible impact on the future of our company. with offices all over the world, our recruits have the chance to collaborate and connect with fellow employees on a global scale. we offer job shadowing, mentorship programs, talent development courses, and much more. about salesforce:   these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 








