Salesforce 237--Principal-Customer-Success-Architect---Salesforce.Org.Txt




everyone who wants to change the world should have the tools and technology to do so. technology is the most powerful equalizer of our time, providing access to data, knowledge, and--above all--connections. salesforce.org gets our technology in the hands of nonprofits and educators so they can connect with others and do more good. as a social enterprise, the more missions our technology supports, the more we invest back into technology and communities, creating an endless circle of good. we're here to help; visit us at salesforce.org. principal customer success architect plays a critical role within sfdo advisory services to help customers  accelerate their use of salesforce technology and best practices for highered and nonprofit customers. responsibilities:
become a highly certified and recognized salesforce.com platform expert be a trusted advisor engaging  with c-level executives on defining it roadmap to align  their business vision and defining architecture blueprint. provide guidance on building industry solutions on salesforce platform for both nonprofit and highered customers. guide customer to innovate and accelerate their growth by leveraging the right tools and features provided by the salesforce ecosystem. provide architecture to scale and right integration, migration strategy to support large volume data. provide architecture oversight,  governance and ensure adherence to industry best practices.
experience/skills required:
5+ years of enterprise consulting experience, including implementation experience with one or more common enterprise software solutions including salesforce and other platforms. experience with key areas of enterprise architecture, including but not limited to,  integration technologies, large volume data, single sign on, and master data management. experience guiding customers and colleagues in rationalizing and deploying emerging technologies that drive increased business value. polished and effective communicator with the ability to evangelize best practices at various levels within a large organization. strong executive presentation skills to drive organizational alignment and buy in. ability to  travel to customer sites ( ~ 30%) master's degree preferred  in computer science, software engineering, business, or in a related field.
experience/skills desired:
salesforce certified any other enterprise architecture certification (e.g. togaf)









