Salesforce 363--Senior-Site-Reliability-Engineer.Txt




job title: senior site reliability engineer location: herndon, va or san francisco, ca  salesforce is seeking a senior site reliability engineer candidate to join the infrastructure engineering organization in either our herndon, va or san francisco, ca locations. working closely with counterparts in the infrastructure and r&d teams, this organization provides a global team of engineers monitoring cloud service availability and are ready to swiftly repair any service-impacting issues. this objective is met by monitoring the services, reacting to problems, and proactively addressing issues before they affect performance or availability.  when not fighting fires, the team is responsible for fire prevention through monitoring, automation, self-healing and resiliency initiatives, destructive testing, and game day exercises. the incumbent in this role would demonstrate a strong focus on tactical operations, as well as large-scale production engineering and orchestration. responsibilities:
keep the customer facing services available at top performance by maintaining the constant health of the supporting systems. incident management - act in key support roles during major incidents e.g. sev0, sev1. also, participate in the technical review of the incident for problem management. problem management - populate in participate in rcas and hand them off to the global solutions team. ensuring that work carried out by the site reliability team is executed in such a way as to comply with the company's internal compliance policy and directives. being available to discuss and resolve technical issues and escalations with other technical staff as required. work with and lead other members of the team in staying on top of key industry innovation and technology, and assist in team development growth. identifying work opportunities and preparing or assisting with the preparation of technical proposals as required. ability to operate in the high-pressure environment and troubleshoot complex issues quickly successfully handle multiple priorities. work to automate detection and resolution of recurring issues in the production environment

bs/ba degree in computer science or equivalent industry experience (3-5 years in an enterprise scale internet service engineering or support role) expertise in tcp/ip related technologies (networking protocols, network programming, etc.) expertise in cli enterprise support of unix variants (linux/solaris/bsd) as well as strong linux/unix knowledge with significant exposure to red hat enterprise linux and solaris strong understanding of monitoring implementations and administration strong communication skills(written and oral) past experience in incident management and good understanding of itil service operations experience in working in a 24/7 team managing large data centers exposure to oracle and high-end storage infrastructure (hitachi/emc tier 1) for us-based applicants, must be a u.s. citizen (u.s. born or naturalized) who does not hold dual citizenship. agree to complete a minimum background investigation (mbi) for a moderate public trust position with the u.s. federal government.
preferred qualifications:

perl/python scripting experience prior chef/puppet or automated deployment experience experience in supporting and maintaining a monitoring system experience supporting and troubleshooting relational databases and distributed platforms experience in supporting and maintaining java applications
  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. together, with our whole ohana (hawaiian for "family") made up of our employees, customers, partners and communities, we are working to improve the state of the world salesforce is committed to providing equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, ancestry, sexual orientation, handicap or disability, vietnam-era, special veteran, or any other legally protected status. this policy is established and administered in accordance with all applicable federal and state laws. *li-y








