Salesforce 146--Senior-Director-Software-Engineering---Continuous-Integration-And-Delivery.Txt




senior director, software engineering - continuous integration and delivery   salesforce.com  hosts web services and applications written by thousands of internal developers and tens of thousands of customers to provide the largest business automation cloud on the planet. the compute infrastructure that enables this innovation and value is evolving to fully embrace lights-out operations, single-click deploy to tens of thousands of nodes, and services that self-heal and self-optimize. we are looking to add experienced distributed systems engineers who can step up and own big chunks of that vision. our group is in the business of enhancing engineering productivity. we provide a robust continuous integration and delivery pipeline that enables salesforce engineering teams to deliver features to customers efficiently. at our core we have secure, reliable, and scalable services that take software from engineer to customer. as salesforce continues its rapid growth, we will be tackling new and exciting challenges in the areas of software build, packaging, and deployment at massive scale. our teams are responsible for creating the platform that enables our company to develop and deliver solutions to our customers at a pace they desire. our teams also prioritize time to do volunteering work and have fun so we get to work together on projects that help our communities as well. if you enjoy working on distributed systems and solving challenging scale problems in the continuous integration and delivery space, then please apply for this position. requirements
10+ years of development experience 7+ years managing development or mixed engineering teams experience with java, go or python in a linux/unix data center environment experience owning and operating multiple instances of a mission critical service experience with agile development methodology and test-driven development experience using telemetry and metrics to drive operational excellence experience growing high performing engineering teams experience doing whatever it takes to get it shipped, including buying the pizza experience with talking to software vendors to help drive requirements into their product roadmaps experience with mentoring junior engineers and managers and driving their careers experience with driving collaboration across multiple teams to build a great customer experience experience organizing fun events for teams to help build a great environment
some attributes of successful candidates

passionate about engineering productivity and service ownership and customer success passionate about continuous integration and delivery and driving teams to adopt this delivery model experience with artifact repositories (docker registry, artifactory, nexus, etc.) experience with source control systems (perforce, github, etc.) eat, sleep, and breathe services. you have experience balancing live-site management, feature delivery, and retirement of technical debt across an entire development team. ability to thrive in start-from-zero development efforts. no code, no team, both - you're not fazed. a passion for leading development teams in the creation of large, modular, and maintainable code bases. an unwavering love of shipping software. familiarity with crash-only and recovery-oriented software design. excited by building reliable, self-healing services on unreliable hardware. experience designing, developing, debugging, and operating resilient distributed systems that run across thousands of compute nodes in multiple datacenters. agilista capable of driving and delivering thin slices of end-to-end functionality on a regular cadence with data-driven feedback loops
  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  *li-y








