Salesforce 138--Category-Analyst-(Networking-And-Telecommunications).Txt




:  the  category analyst, hardware commodities - networking  is an individual contributor who is responsible for developing and executing networking sourcing strategies as well as recommending product innovations based on improving technology.   this individual will negotiate, administer, and manage the full range of commercial contracts focusing on infrastructure-related, and data center-related initiatives associated with the procurement of networking hardware. the  category manager, hardware commodities - networking  will also manage the overall business-to-business relationships between  salesforce  and the supplier base through day-to-day interactions and supplier business reviews, while achieving cost-effective procurement decisions for the company. 			 			 this position is located in san francisco, ca, reporting into the senior manager, hardware and technology sourcing 			  			  			 performance objectives:
knowledge of networking hardware business operations and ability to find efficiency gains understanding of manufacturing and cost modeling of networking products and components good understanding of networking hardware specifications, and advanced technology. understanding business contract law, and experience with negotiating contracts for the procurement of networking hardware and components documented results with implementing standard procurement best practices, building strong relationships with internal customers and suppliers, and consulting on procurement best practices for cross-functional project teams. utilize rfi (request for information), rfp (request for proposal), and rfq (request for quote) techniques to identify, select, and engage with suppliers to ensure competitive market advantage. direct and implement supplier-sourcing strategies to ensure high quality, on time delivery, and cost competitiveness.  implement proactive procurement philosophies, strategies, policies, procedures, and systems.  influence cross-functional organizations while enhancing strong internal relationships in order to meet business requirements and cost objectives. advise internal customers on value-added approaches to supply base solutions.
position requirements:

ba/bs degree in supply chain management, or engineering, plus 3-4 years experience or equivalent.   a technical education, or deep technical knowledge about server and networking hardware specifications and networking hardware components is a must. experience in sourcing processes (i.e., rfx development and execution) and reviewing, analyzing, drafting and negotiating contract terms with respect to major projects of medium/high complexity. strong presentation skills with the ability to analyze and explain pricing models and contract terms. strong understanding of legal concepts as related to contract negotiations. excellent written and verbal communication skills and strong interpersonal skills. excellent relationship management skills, as well as the ability to work collaboratively with suppliers, and internal business customer, and senior management.    work well under pressure, ability to multitask and skilled time manager that is comfortable working under minimal supervision manufacturing experience is a plus








