Salesforce 341--Executive-Assistant-Openings-In-Amer-(8-Openings-Total).Txt




executive assistant & sr. administrative assistant openings in amer (multiple openings)

openings in san francisco, ca: sr. ea to chief product officer ea to svp & associate general counsel ea & project coordinator to svp, m&a strategic operations  ea to svp & general manager, service cloud ea to vps, trailhead openings in bellevue, wa: ea to svp, infrastructure engineering ea to svp, security product & program management & svp, security engineering  openings in burlington, ma: ea to svp infra engineering commerce cloud & vp, infrastructure operations mission:

flawless execution of administrative activities, with high attention to detail, organization and process. demonstrate ability to maintain high level of professionalism, confidentiality, discretion and judgment. provide a strong, strategic partnership with the executive to improve day-to-day efficiency.

core responsibilities:

calendar management:

manage day-to-day schedules in such a way that the executive is able to complete their obligations in an organized, efficient way. coordinate internal and external meetings including but not limited to team meetings, full staff meetings, all hands meetings, off-site meetings, one-on-one meetings, etc. take into consideration calendar priorities based on release cycle, fiscal calendar, current projects, customer fire drills, team needs and dreamforce. international and domestic travel booking. book appropriate domestic and international travel within sfdc travel policy taking into account travel visas, costs and proper documentation.

expenses:

submit accurate expense reports in a timely manner adhering to sfdc policy.

event management:

organization of quarterly meetings, volunteering events, off-sites, etc.

additional tasks:

assist with food orders, luncheon planning, etc. assist with powerpoint presentations; microsoft and google applications when needed. experience with the setting up and management of virtual meetings and tools e.g., gotomeeting, gotowebinar, google hangouts and conference calls. increased knowledge of all internal policies and systems. participate in planning and other business related meetings as requested. other administrative duties as requested.

soft skills:

project management of intermediate complexity. use initiative and judgment within established guidelines. effectively interface with employees from other groups within salesforce and senior executives inside and outside the company. organize, prioritize and coordinate multiple work activities with the ability to meet deadlines. strong teamwork skills, and a strong ability to offer suggestions and improvements to process and work effectively across a range of personalities. strong relationship management skills. agility and flexibility in response to changing priorities and needs. proven ability to manage projects, work under pressure and consistently make deadlines. demonstrate ability and willingness to continuously acquire new competencies and accept new challenges. very strong technical competency, specifically with ms word, excel, powerpoint, gmail, and gcal. strong oral and written communication.  ability to communicate clearly and effectively with senior leaders and external partners.

ideal additional skills:

salesforce experience a plus. previous technology industry a plus. 5+ years experience a must. bachelor's degree preferred.

about salesforce:

  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  *li-y










