Salesforce 262--Product-Marketing---Community-Cloud.Txt




community cloud, director industries
 we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, the world's most innovative company according to forbes, and one of fortune's 100 best companies to work for six years running. the growth, innovation, and aloha spirit of salesforce are driven by our incredible employees who thrive on delivering success for our customers while also finding time to give back through our 1/1/1 model, which leverages 1% of our time, equity, and you will be responsible for defining a strategic narrative for salesforce communities across industries. you will live the customer journey and help inform and retell the magic of how salesforce has helped companies across industries transform. you will align customer storytelling to position against the competition. successful candidates will have a passion for taking the complex and making it simple and for marketing through compelling stories. successful candidates will be able to work closely with senior executives to understand our core technology, differentiators, and future roadmap for our cloud and then communicate these capabilities back to the market. this pmm works across teams, products, and functions, from diving into the market to develop market subject matter expertise, to building and sharing compelling product vision, to sitting in on customer calls with the sales team, and working internally to refine internal sales enablement content and market facing collateral. responsibilities & impact
partner closely with product management to understand the product strategy and tailor our product narrative, thought leadership content and customer stories for our primary industries. campaigns. partner with our industry marketing teams to deliver the community cloud value prop across industry-focused campaigns. produce high-fidelity externally-facing content including thought leadership content, customer stories, webinars, data sheets, solution guides, and more for all funnel stages. pipeline. partner with our sales teams to develop sales plays, support pipe gen, and move deals to close. create assets, content, and events to will empower our sales teams across all phases of the sales cycle. enablement. create compelling, comprehensive, and easy-to-understand assets, competitive positioning, faqs, and cheat sheets. work closely with cross-functional marketing teams to drive the business & product marketing strategy. track, measure and report against objectives. work directly with major partners and customers, in a global context, to drive market share and awareness.
leadership qualities

think strategically -- knows what it takes to give your business the competitive advantage. ability to see the forest through the trees in a dynamic environment. can develop relevant, sustainable solutions. aligns the right resources to the task at hand; foresees and plans around obstacles. make smart decisions -- analyzes and synthesizes broad, cross-business or cross-discipline information that leads to breakthroughs or significant insight. makes an impact. focus on customer success -- builds and maintains relationships with customers; shapes solutions that have significant positive impact on their business. drive results -- attacks everything with drive and energy with an eye on both the bottom line and customer success. detail oriented, but versatile. collaborate & communicate -- works well within a team environment. writes and presents effectively in 1:1 and group situations. gives others a voice.
required skills / experience
8+ years experience in product marketing at a high tech company, or similar. mba a plus, but not required. demonstrated ability in launching and growing innovative products, preferably with familiarity of the cloud/saas and crm dynamic, confident personality with ability to successfully define and drive project execution with minimal guidance amidst multiple priorities and goals. experience working with direct distribution (sales) teams and channel partners. proven track record of speaking in front of large internal, external, and global audiences. hands-on ability to create a range of marketing assets, including viral on-message product demo videos and succinct slide pitch-decks. creative thinker that can generate innovative marketing ideas and lead a cross-functional team of stakeholders to drive execution. proven track record of crafting compelling positioning and thought leadership content. strong skills in communication, writing and ability to work well cross-functionally. exceptional team player with proven ability to lead through influence. proven track record in performing well in a fast-paced environment and organizational skills to manage multiple projects with tight deadlines effectively.








