Salesforce 148--Engineering-Manager---Quip.Txt




our goal at quip is to build a productivity suite that every person at every company loves using every single day. what we're looking for: a thoughtful manager with a background in software engineering who will help shape the way we operate and grow as a team. at quip, engineering managers focus on people first. our priority is to ensure that engineers are challenged, have the opportunities and resources to grown and learn, and to empower each individual to make decisions that are in their best interest. we are mentors, coaches and advocates. it's our responsibility to understand the needs of each engineer and represent them in the course of our work. our team of engineers is incredibly strong and experienced. we focus on keeping a dynamic, healthy and productive team by looking for ways to improve happiness and efficiency — always while fostering and maintaining transparency, communication, and quip's culture. we help engineers prioritize and manage the scope of their projects and act as advisors and sounding boards, providing operational support where useful. we are responsible for the sustainable growth of the team, emphasizing diversity and inclusion and ensuring that new engineers have the best possible experience as engineering managers, we work closely with our team of engineers, as well as product managers, designers, the business team, and leadership to shepherd new projects and help map the future of quip. we're building a team of talented, thoughtful people who will work together to build an enduring company that will change the way teams work together. what we look for:
technical leadership or management experience positivity and open communication empathy and a love of working with people strong background in software engineering passion for learning and working with others to improve yourself, the team, the product, the company
if you're interested in working together, love helping people grow, and have a background in technical leadership and engineering, please apply!








