Salesforce 105--Manager-Executive-Communications-And-Presentation-Design.Txt




manager, executive communications and presentation design  are you a versatile, strategic thinker and storyteller? are you passionate about translating business concepts into simple, compelling narratives through presentations and other communications channels? the executive communications manager and presentation designer will partner closely with our recruiting leadership team to understand, create, and tell our global recruiting story, educating and inspiring key audiences with impactful communications and visual presentations.

as part of the employee marketing & engagement team, you will use your tried and tested consultative approach to drive our global recruiting narrative, storyboard the most compelling story construct, and then translate that into amazing, on-brand visual design.

you are a self-starter and avid learner who's creative and passionate about the success of your business partners. you're a brilliant communicator with a solution-oriented mindset who thrives in a fast-paced environment. and, you're the type of person who can critique every aspect of presentations and communications, and confidently share your opinions on how to make them better.

primary responsibilities:


collaborate with our svp, global recruiting and recruiting leadership team to develop business and keynote presentations.

support the vision of our recruiting programs, and effectively communicate that vision through communications and innovative, targeted design.

provide strategic input on messaging and positioning, and influence stakeholders as needed to ensure the narratives are compelling and aligned with our desired tone

independently monitor business issues, cultural events, and trends that affect our audiences to inform our story and presentation development

act as the lead designer to create custom, high-level design in powerpoint and keynote that meets our creative goals, brand standards, and style guidelines

welcome constructive direction and use feedback to design clear, well organized, uncluttered presentations with optimum visual quality, messaging, and performance

write memorable, engaging communications across other internal channels as needed to drive awareness of key initiatives and inspire employees to take action (e.g. email, digital screens, chatter (our internal social network), etc).

track program results and influence your business partners to apply key learnings to improve future programs and communications.





at least eight (8) years of professional keynote and powerpoint presentation design experience

proficient in photoshop, illustrator, and indesign; motion graphics experience a plus

brilliant communicator and writer experienced in quickly grasping information to craft compelling narratives; can generate and execute "breakout" ideas

strong portfolio showcasing methodology in action: consultation process, storyboarding, and final high-end presentation design skills, including animation, builds, dynamic charts, etc.

email and social media marketing experience a plus

must thrive in a high velocity and constantly evolving work environment and have excellent time management skills

professional demeanor with high degree of comfort speaking with high-level executives

dynamic, charismatic, confident personality with ability to successfully drive projects with minimal guidance

strategic thinker with proven ability to work cross-functionally, exerting influence without direct authority

extremely high level of accuracy and attention to detail

duarte or similar training/certification preferred

comfortable with ambiguity and making unscripted decisions

likes working collaboratively and knows how to have fun


  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  *li-y








