Salesforce 172--Director-Software-Engineering.Txt




the salesforce it applications team is looking for a director of software engineering with extensive background in leading sophisticated enterprise application development and global teams at scale. this is a senior leadership role reporting to the vp, it applications and is responsible for delivering capabilities for internal and external salesforce customers with a focus on trust, growth, innovation, and equality. this role will lead a global team of 25+ engineers with concerted focus on nurturing our ohana culture. the ideal candidate will have demonstrated success in building and leading technical teams, and in defining, implementing, and influencing engineering strategy and excellence. broad business understanding with experience in marketing and preferably experience working on large scale websites. responsibilities:



hire, develop, and cultivate amazing people and teams.

vigilantly focus on customer success.

oversee delivery of projects involving a variety of technologies and ensure solutions align with long-term objectives.

lead decision-making and collaboration across a broad network of stakeholders, delivery partners, and operational teams.

innovate and optimize engineering processes and standards; drive adoption throughout organization.

lead operational excellence and appropriate incident management and resolution.

develop and maintain in-depth knowledge to of salesforce's business, products, and it application portfolio

maintain and lead awareness of industry best practices and relevant technologies.





10+ years relevant experience including but not limited to:


managing global engineering teams at scale

managing vendor partners and teams extended with contractors

delivery accountability for complex it applications development

proficiency in spectrum of delivery methods (agile > hybrid > waterfall)

experience in marketing and/or marketing business domains

managing external customer facing/public properties

leading innovation

content management system experience preferred

salesforce technology expertise preferred

bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent preferred


exceptional interpersonal and communication skills

ability to oversee multiple complex project deliveries in parallel

comfortable operating in fast-paced, dynamic environment

exemplifies salesforce aloha spirit demonstrating key traits such as trust, integrity, character, and compassion


  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  *li-y








