Salesforce 284--Summer-2018-Intern-Software-Engineer---Salesforce.Org.Txt




summer 2018 intern, software engineer - salesforce.org

this is your time to shine. our software engineering interns are considered full time employees by their peers--in fact, you will be expected to contribute right away as a member of our scrum teams for future releases. as the world leader in enterprise cloud computing, we release 3 new versions every year with close to 100 new features each release. you will write code that reaches millions of subscribers who use our applications everyday, work on our automated testing infrastructure, and craft the tools that provide real-time monitoring of our service. with such quick turnaround, we don't want our interns to sit on the sidelines and enjoy the view-- we want you to change the way our customers connect their business to the world!



implement code fixes under the direction of software architects and senior developers

develop well-tuned code that may be included as part of our next software release

contribute to our suite of automated tests and testing infrastructure




enrolled in sophomore or junior year in college, working towards a bs in computer science, electrical engineering or related

academic or professional/internship experience with java

understanding of object-oriented programming/design

working knowledge of html and web technologies

ability to quickly learn new technologies

strong analytical and problem-solving skills

be a self-starter and possess strong sense of self-motivation




coursework in sql and relational database concepts

strong competency in javascript and associated frameworks


about salesforce.org:

help us change the world. salesforce.org is focused on bringing about a world where technology and collaboration accelerate solutions to the world's biggest problems. to achieve this vision, we have built a social enterprise that delivers world class products and services on the force.com platform.

salesforce.org is based on a simple idea: leverage salesforce's people, technology, and resources to help improve communities around the world. we call this integrated philanthropic approach the 1-1-1 model. to date, salesforce.org has dispersed more than over $100 million in grants and donated over $250m in product. salesforce employees have logged more than 1.3m volunteer hours, and more than 28,000 nonprofits are using salesforce technology.








