Salesforce 35--Director-Of-Product-Management-Pardot---Email.Txt




do you want to own the vision for the most frequently used and widely adopted feature at pardot? if so, read on. email is, and will continue to be, one of the most popular and effective ways b2b marketers and sales professionals connect with their customers. however, staying personal, relevant, and timely is extremely difficult at scale. pardot has been wildly successful at meeting this need for our customers for years, but we're dreaming bigger. pardot customers are salesforce customers. we're looking for an exceptional product leader to help craft, drive, and execute the vision for a cohesive email experience across salesforce products and licenses. responsibilities
own the product vision for your area. ensure that it aligns with the overall product and company vision. be an expert on the domain, the market, the trends. evangelize the vision constantly so all stakeholders are aligned, have context and understand where we are going. represent the customer. be the champion and voice of customers. build impactful customer relationships. bring the customer's voice into the creation process. drive for the best customer experience possible. work closely with ux and ux research to develop, test, and deliver assets to engineering. measure success. measure everything. a feature's release does not dictate success. define what success means for each feature and each function before it even goes to development. develop ways to constantly define and monitor success. define expectations for engineering teams and hold them accountable to success and failures. work closely with product marketing, sales and customer success teams to promote your products both internally and externally and ensure a cohesive message. collaborate across teams. we win or lose as a team. product managers play a critical role in creating alignment between engineering teams and stakeholders. a collaborative attitude is essential to the job. be a player (product owner) and coach (manage 1-2 product managers)
experience/skills

5+ years of product management experience, or equivalent responsibilities experience working with b2b marketing automation software or email platforms, such as pardot, marketo, eloqua, amazon simple email service, or sendgrid deep knowledge of salesforce's sales cloud product and/or salesforce lightning platform and capabilities leadership dna - proven ability to set a vision, excite and lead a cross-functional technical team proven success gathering and transforming market and business requirements into a successful product strategy experience presenting to executive leadership and handling sensitive customer situations ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment strong user experience/design sense, with a record of building great products strong troubleshooting and analytical thinking skills. ability to lead and work autonomously experience with agile development methodologies, such as scrum experience working with corporate email servers and clients, such as g suite, exchange servers, or outlook is a plus bachelor's degree in a technical discipline is a plus
 the company was founded on three disruptive ideas: a new technology model in cloud computing, a pay-as- you-go business model, and a new integrated corporate philanthropy model. these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  *li-y








