Salesforce 225--Senior-Implementation-Consultant---Salesforce-Cpq.Txt




as a senior implementation consultant at salesforce cpq, you will ensure the successful delivery of the salesforce quote-to-cash solution through flawless implementation enabling our customers' business process on a  force.com  built platform. about us: we love making our customers happy, developing cool technology, and working with our team members. we have a large customer base and a boatload of experience and entrepreneurial spirit. salesforce cpq makes selling simple by providing a 100% native  salesforce.com  app that customers love. about you: you love making customers successful by solving their business challenges with technical solutions. you care about getting it done and getting it done right. technology is your best friend and you enjoy the challenge of translating technical-speak to business-speak. you leverage best practices and and solid design thinking skills to provide the best guidance to the customer. after the project is done, you're interested improving the tools, processes and knowledge for next time. you soak up every bit of knowledge from your clever and quirky colleagues. responsibilities:
understand customer business needs and challenges, quote-to-cash processes and become an expert in salesforce quote-to-cash apply design thinking and build configurations to meet the needs of the customers demonstrate implemented functionality and other possible functions within the instance work with the customer to help convert legacy data into salesforce quote-to-cash instance and roll the implementation into the production environment ensure the customer will be a positive reference to other customers/prospects gather experiences and knowledge to train and mentor other consultants provide implementation support to the customer post-release on an on-going basis communicate product ideas, bugs, and customizations to product management and development teams complete the work assigned by the project manager within the budgeted time allocated assist the project manager with project status, financials, and reporting positively contribute to the ohana culture by living the company values and by demonstrating team player behavior occasional travel to customer locations
required skills and experience:

4-year bachelor degree required in computer science, engineering or math 6+ years in a saas technical role functional and technical experience with saas technology excellent verbal and written communication skills business analysis and requirements gathering abilities customer facing experience or demonstrated ability to communicate with customers is required ability to learn technology quickly through instruction and self-training
preferred skills and experience:

functional and technical experience with  salesforce.com experience with javascript and/or apex programming 2+ years of cpq or billing experience sfdc certified administrator (adm-201 & adm-211
  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  )








