Salesforce 290--Agile-Coach.Txt




salesforce has one of the best regarded agile at scale stories in the industry and we continuously seek to improve and push boundaries.  are you interested in shaping a highly effective agile software and infrastructure organization?  are you excited about the opportunity to influence others?  are you passionate about cutting edge ways to create and innovate? if your answer is yes to any of these questions, this is your opportunity to join the innovative and dynamic technology team at http://salesforce.com /" target="_blank"> salesforce, the market leader in on-demand computing and focus your efforts on ensuring the marketing cloud is a lean and agile delivery machine. the salesforce marketing cloud is a leading global provider of cross-channel digital marketing solutions that empower organizations of all sizes to communicate with their customers through email, mobile, social media, web and marketing automation. we're driven by a deep understanding of marketers' needs-because we're marketers too. no other digital marketing company invests in product innovation the way we do, giving our clients access to truly cutting-edge technology. joining forces with salesforce pioneers in cloud computing, we offer an even more superior experience to our customers and employees.


as an agile coach for the marketing cloud, you will join a team to coach and influence all levels of the technology organization in our adaptive delivery methodology to drive increased agility, throughput, predictably, innovation, and quality across an enterprise organization. you will be using cutting edge agile methods and tools to enable teams to rapidly deliver functionality that drives customer satisfaction.




be highly entrepreneurial.  influence executives, leaders, business units, and technology teams on agile principles, values, how to build, grow, and maintain a thriving agile organization at scale. design and support full agile transformation roll-outs. provide agile leadership coaching and training to scrummasters, product owners, functional managers, and executives. collaborate directly with software and operations teams to coach and guide them on the mechanics of lean and agile methods to achieve optimal team effectiveness. deliver hands-on coaching of individual teams in all aspects of scrum and kanban - daily meetings, planning, self-organization, collaboration, iterative development, managing flow, limiting wip, etc. expose our technology teams to the latest innovative thinking and ideas from the agile community to increase agility, leveraging lean, scrum, kanban, and other agile thinking. create enterprise wide initiatives: internal certification (sm, po). clearly define enterprise-wide guidelines (e.g, dod, sm, and po qualifications and responsibilities). ensure strong organizational information flow (scaling the coach). create, launch, and facilitate agile collaborative groups, communities of practice, and agile working groups. continuously develop potential and existing coaches impacting all levels of the organization. embrace servant leadership and display the behaviors that come with the key mindset shifts associated with agile methods. coach teams and management towards improving agile process and metrics, evaluate and mentor existing scrum teams, and deliver training classes for product owners, developers, and testers. create, build, and deliver customized agile training.


minimum requirements:


ba/bs in computer science or equivalent degree. 5+ years experience in technology organizations. 3+ years of large-scale agile coaching experience with methods such as xp, scrum, lean, or kanban. hands-on experience applying lean/agile methodologies within infrastructure, hardware, and operational environments. deep knowledge of agile principles and practices and the ability to transfer that understanding at all levels of the organization. consulting and facilitation skills in leading technical teams in the adoption and improvement of agile methodologies. senior agile leadership skills with an ability to lead by example and challenge command and control behaviors. excellent presentation and training skills. certified scrummaster and product owner or equivalent. application of agile principles in one or more of these development disciplines: design, development, testing, and management; can relate principles, practices into performing these disciplines in an agile environment.


  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 








