Salesforce 221--Talent-Development-Program-Manager-(Culture-Of-Feedback).Txt




role: talent development program manager (culture of feedback)

location: san francisco, ca

about salesforce:

 we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, the world's most innovative company according to forbes, and one of fortune's 100 best companies to work for six years running. the growth, innovation, and aloha spirit of salesforce are driven by our incredible employees who thrive on delivering success for our customers while also finding time to give back through our 1/1/1 model, which leverages 1% of our time, equity, and product to improve communities around the world. salesforce is a team sport, and we play to win. join us!


we are seeking a program manager to execute on our culture of feedback vision and strategy for our 30k+ and growing employee poulation. we are on a multi-year journey transforming how our employees give and receive feedback to their peers, managers, and direct reports. this role will focus on program planning, execution, developing tools , and organizing, communicating and documenting project status reports. the td program manager will partner closely with it product managers, hr peers, cross-functional team members and business leaders to impact employee engagement in the feedback process.

this position will report into director of talent development and will work closely with the human resources team to achieve goals aligned to our strategic plan.


the program manager is a results-oriented professional who possesses excellent communication skills, influencing and relationship building skills, exercises and encourages sound decision-making, and ensures that the team successfully delivers on commitments. the ideal candidate has previous experience leading wide-ranging hr projects, programs and teams, in a fast paced and solutions oriented environment. role responsibilities:

create and gather ideas and information. analyze project scope, requirements and create documentation, such as project plans, timelines, and functional requirements, in order to design and develop effective solutions partner closely with internal it team on the development of the feedback app in alignment with business strategy perform workflow analysis to determine best process solutions and propose new improvements develop measures to define program/project progress and success introduce mitigation tactics to minimize program/project risks facilitate meetings and provide timely and accurate status reports drive team(s) to deliver on deadlines and priorities amidst changing requirements
required experiences/skills:

self-starter. seek closure in everything you do and are capable of juggling multiple project streams with ease and without dropping details. you thrive in challenging environments and can tolerate ambiguity. you are able to clearly envision a path to completion and manage to it while staying on target. excellent planning, organization and prioritization skills to enable timely business decisions and manage execution risks and lead projects to successful execution support team members and establish strong, collaborative relationships translate purpose and vision into clear goals for the team determine the objectives and measures upon which the project will be evaluated at its completion. facilitate the supporting organization build and handoff execute the project according to the project plan, managing scope, issues, risks and dependencies ability to adapt efficiently to changing circumstances and be able to seek alternative ways of achieving program/project implementation goals demonstrated ability to execute program/project plans, identify resource needs, manage milestones and interdependencies, and effectively resolve problems and drive for results demonstrated ability to manage multiple program/project simultaneously, influencing cross-functional team members without direct lines of management demonstrated ability to interface with senior-level executives and navigate the organization to gain access to key players and stakeholders. prepare status reports, executive readout, steering committee materials bachelor's degree in business administration, project management, communications or human resources or related field proficiency in ms applications, google docs 5 years of program/project management experience

li-y










