Salesforce 142--Sr.-Data-Science-Engineer.Txt




sr. data science engineer so, you can query petabytes of data using your favorite big-data toolkits, analyze it using established statistical and machine learning techniques, and communicate the derived insights through clear and concise charts and reports. you are a technologist at heart always seeking to push the current boundaries to process more data and run more sophisticated machine learning algorithms. in your past you may have doubled as a data scientist, a data engineer, or perhaps a machine learning engineer, but deep inside, all you really care about is building best in class products, applications, and systems that extract knowledge from data at very large scale and deliver value to the business.


great, we are excited to talk to you! we're looking for people who get things done by using their smarts and whatever tools make sense. are you at the beginning of your career and this is where you see yourself in the future? let us know; we love to work with bright people looking to grow. your role:

r&d of cutting edge algorithmic solutions to real-world problems producing both ip (papers and patents) as well as shippable product. using statistical and machine learning principles to discover hidden patterns, perform predictive analysis and build models that drive insights. data querying, transforming, cleansing and linking communicate findings internally and externally, generating reports and dashboards, building narratives that resonate with clients and stakeholders. scale efforts to democratise data internally and externally, be an ambassador for data driven culture. become and stay an expert in current and emerging technologies, techniques, and tools
your skills and qualities:

a bayesian at heart but can report significance if asked. understanding of key machine learning and data mining approaches understand the fundamentals of computer science including programming principles, design patterns, databases fundamentals, and distributed systems. make things work and get things done ability to multi-task, and can quickly switch context and be able to work on multiple projects. are a great communicator, able to articulate complex concepts in easy to understand language love to learn new things and can do so quickly like working and being part of interdisciplinary teams
li - y








