Salesforce 145--Vp-Nonprofit-And-Education-Transformation---Salesforce.Org.Txt




everyone who wants to change the world should have the tools and technology to do so. technology is the most powerful equalizer of our time, providing access to data, knowledge, and--above all--connections. salesforce.org gets our technology in the hands of nonprofits and educators so they can connect with others and do more good. as a social enterprise, the more missions our technology supports, the more we invest back into technology and communities, creating an endless circle of good. we're here to help; visit us at salesforce.org. we're looking for exceptional leaders to join the customer success group at salesforce.org. if you possess intellectual curiosity, great problem solving skills and an unwavering belief that the right technology can solve any problem including world hunger (no really, we mean it!) then you are the ideal candidate for the job.  the vp, nonprofit and education transformation will lead a team of senior industry technology experts responsible for structuring our customers' digital and organizational transformations. this inspirational leader will possess education and/or nonprofit industry expertise, provide innovative thinking on organizational and industry transformation as well as strong operational acumen. this individual brings their strong background in enterprise software implementation to align with partners and guide customers toward delivering increased social impact through the successful deployment of salesforce technology. responsibilities:
contribute thought leadership and best practice, both internally and externally, around customer success and organizational transformation. lead a team of amazing success engagement managers who wake every day driven to help our customers successfully implement salesforce technology in the nonprofit and education sectors collaborate with sales leadership on prospect and customer engagement strategy and customer success plans build strong relationships with si and isv partners in the salesforce.org ecosystem and align on gtm and implementation strategies to maximize customer success. ensure the right salesforce service offerings are positioned across both new and existing customers. develop and nurture long-term relationships with executive stakeholders by networking between customers, partners, and salesforce.org. provide executive project oversight on partner led implementation projects hire world class talent and manage performance to ensure career growth opportunities
experience/skills required:

current or former cxo of a nonprofit or educational institution minimum 15 years relevant work experience including minimum 5 years in a transformational leadership capacity inspirational leadership abilities ability to quickly grasp and simply explain complex technological and business concepts executive-level communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to effectively navigate and mediate conflict and develop trusted advisor relationships experience managing multi-partner software implementation projects strong knowledge of business processes (sales, marketing, service, support), business applications and automation knowledge of salesforce product and platform features, capabilities and best practices









