Salesforce 177--Software-Engineer---Storage_Zookeeper.Txt




software engineer - storage/zookeeper are you a distributed systems enthusiast? storage expert? or passionate about building high performance, scalable cloud storage technology that supports performance hungry applications? do you take pride in delivering high quality mission critical enterprise distributed services? if so, you have reached your destination. join the team that is building the cutting edge low latency, high performance, horizontally scalable cloud based storage services. candidate must have strong distributed storage systems experience and system programming background to work with a devops team that is responsible for developing and running the next generation cloud storage service. you will join the growing team of world class highly motivated software engineers to architect, design, develop, test, and deliver highly complex distributed storage services. some attributes of successful candidates
experience designing, developing, debugging, and operating resilient distributed systems on unreliable hardware. eat, sleep, and breathe services. you have experience balancing live-site management, feature delivery, and retirement of technical debt. contributions to open source projects and present at tech talks and papers at conferences.  resolve complex technical issues and drive innovations that improve system scalability, availability, resilience and performance. capable of driving and delivering thin slices of functionality on a regular cadence with data-driven feedback loops. passionate about automation and avoid doing things manually. create, maintain and share technical documentation used by engineers and other team members.

5+ years of professional experience in systems software development, preferably in the storage stack. 5+ years professional experience in java, c, go, c++, python or other language.  practical knowledge of algorithms, patterns, and tradeoffs of distributed systems' design. solid understanding of how to configure, deploy, manage and maintain large cloud hosted systems; including auto-scaling, metrics & monitoring, performance tuning, troubleshooting and disaster recovery. experience delivering on strategic initiatives effectively in a fast paced environment while supporting day-to-day issues. proficiency with source control, continuous integration, and testing pipelines.
the following skills are a plus:

experience with open source, especially with storage projects such as ceph, apache bookkeeper, kafka, etc. hands-on experience with linux server, and cloud architectures. good understanding of network technologies like dns, load balancing, ssl, tcp/ip, http. knowledge of metrics & monitoring (e.g., splunk, nagios etc.) and configuration management tools (e.g., chef, puppet, ansible, etc.). experience with software based compute infrastructure such as aws, azure, gce, openstack.
company overview:   these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  *li-y








