Salesforce 7--Salesforce-It-Applications-Solution-Architect.Txt




the  salesforce.com it applications team  is seeking an experienced  integration solution architect  with an extensive background in building scalable and robust enterprise integration solutions for a global company. you will be a key contributor in leading the architecture and strategy for a set of solutions required to support end-to-end it processes.   as a solution architect, you will be responsible for designing and implementing salesforce based solutions for a complex portfolio of initiatives. in this role, you will work closely with a variety of enterprise architects, product owners, application developers, system administrators, and delivery managers across the organization to analyze requirements for various it processes (portfolio management, engineering lifecycle, service health and asset lifecycle management) and propose solutions that will support the expected outcome.   a successful candidate possesses strong analytical, written, oral and consulting skills, and is able to articulate and document technical solutions. the it cloud solution architect is a key member of the it applications team and will primarily focus on mapping eai and api functional requirements to technical solutions. this role is within the information technology organization and supports a variety of business unit throughout salesforce.com worldwide. our ideal candidate must enjoy working in a highly dynamic, fast-paced and high-growth environment, as well as be experienced in designing integration solutions for large complex projects.   responsibilities
participate in strategic planning sessions led by enterprise architecture team for development of the integration and application architecture and roadmap. design, develop and oversee implementation of integration architecture framework and standards. partner with business analysts, application developers, technical operations, and business users to understand requirements and translate them into high-quality integration technical solutions. present solution designs to various stakeholders for input, buy-in and sign-off. analyze latest software oriented concepts, trends & technologies related to the integration domain and apply to business problems. systems design: specify and design solutions across business areas or systems. evaluate and undertake impact analyses on major design options and assess associated risks. ensure that the system design balances functional, service quality, security, and systems management requirements. solution architecture deliverables: define, maintain, and manage architecture models, frameworks and artifacts (e.g. current and future state application architecture diagrams, data models, etc.). business process improvement: analyze cross-functional business processes; identify alternative solutions, assess feasibility, and recommend new approaches via technology enablement. contribute to evaluating the factors which must be addressed in change management. analyze business requirements, problems, and opportunities for cross-functional initiatives, seeking effective solutions through improvements in automated and non-automated components of new or changed processes. relationship management: develop and manage expectations for communication channels and/or stakeholder groups. initiate communications between key contributors and stakeholders, acting as a single point of contact for cross-functional solution architecture. facilitate open communication and discussion between stakeholders. data analysis: understand corporate data requirements, and apply data analysis, data modeling and quality assurance techniques, to establish, modify or maintain data structures and their associated components in and across business areas/ applications of expertise. provide advice and guidance to bsas/developers and others using the data structures and associated components. scoping/effort estimates: contribute to solution scoping and effort sizing with the cross-functional team. research: stay informed on technology trends and product roadmaps to make informed solution architecture recommendations.
required skills & experience

bachelor's degree in computer science, engineering, mis, stem, it or related discipline or equivalent experience. 10+ years relevant experience with at least 5 of those delivering solutions on force.com, inclusive of service cloud. proficient in communicating and driving information technology solutions that support business objectives. ability to work effectively and manage partnerships with all areas and members of the business as well as all levels of the organization. excellent analytical, critical thinking, problem-solving and prioritization skills. must be visionary and strategic in approach with demonstrated ability to apply architectural disciplines to solve business problems. self-starter, highly motivated, able to shift directions quickly when priorities change, think through problems to come up with innovative solutions and deliver against very tight deadlines. excellent spoken and written communication as well as receptive listening skills, with ability to present complex ideas in a clear, concise fashion to technical and non-technical audiences. experience with agile methodologies like extreme programming (xp), scrum, kanban, and lean. multiple sfdc certifications preferred, inclusive of service cloud. has served as a solution architect for multiple enterprise application implementations (including complex integrations). proficiency in software development lifecycle, code management, and release management. agile development experience preferred. deep functional and business process understanding of itsm customer support, renewals, professional services, customer success management, and training & enablement. familiarity with data quality management concepts.  experience with servicenow is preferred.
about salesforce   these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.    *fy-i








