Salesforce 43--Sr.-Account-Executive---Social-Specialist.Txt




do you love social media? intrigued by the impact twitter, facebook and other social properties are impacting society and how large enterprises do business? join the saleforce marketing cloud's social media sales team and work on the forefront of the social media revolution, defining the way global companies brand and build relationships with their customers via social networks.  the sr. account executive – social is responsible for assisting our top customers and prospects build their social media strategies and social crm initiatives. specifically, the sr. account executive - social will work closely with our global sales team to close social media sales opportunities. the sr. account executive - social will close business directly with our clients and prospects as well as indirectly via our global sales team. as the individual who represents the salesforce marketing cloud's social media solutions and drives the revenue of our firm, the sr. account executive – social must be self-starting, passionate and knowledgeable about the social media landscape, and have the ability to manage a large pipeline, with a focus on closing business directly and indirectly.  the sr. account executive – social is expected to provide product and thought leadership as they engage with senior marketing contacts at the world's most engaging brands.  responsibilities include technical and business requirements gathering, the effective positioning of the salesforce marketing cloud solution to meet those requirements, and branded product demonstrations of the salesforce marketing cloud social media offerings addressing identified requirements. responsibilities •    persuasively articulate the salesforce marketing cloud social media offering including competitive advantages, resources and processes to clients and prospects via in-person sales meetings •    work with our top customers and the leading global brands on their social media initiatives.  •    collaborate and co-sell with our global sales and relationship management teams, as well as cross functionally across the organization. •    listen to, identify and understand prospects' viewpoint and tailor communication to meet prospect needs and expectations. •    deliver compelling presentations to support to senior executives covering the salesforce marketing cloud's social media solutions and high level overview of application architecture and integration capabilities. •    provide ongoing internal reporting and analysis via a sales force automation tool for accurate revenue forecasting by management. •    assist sales management in defining and identifying potential sales targets and opportunities for expansion in new markets. •    meet and exceed all quarterly and annual sales quotas. requirements •    depth of understanding in the social media landscape, mobile marketing, interactive marketing and significant experience in developing and delivering presentations to senior level personnel. •    significant knowledge of common marketing tactics and practices within major social networks including facebook, twitter, linkedin, instagram and emerging platforms. •    possess outstanding communication skills, both verbal and written. •    motivated team player who consistently strives to exceed goals and push revenue expectations. •    minimum of 5+ years' experience successfully selling saas-based products into the enterprise or agency experience with solution selling experience. •    minimum of 2 years' experience successfully selling social media products and services. •    able to work independently in a fast pace, rapid change environment.  •    ability to travel up to 50%   these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  together, with our whole ohana (hawaiian for family") made up of our employees, customers, partners and communities, we are working to improve the state of the world.








