Salesforce 171--Director-Infrastructure-Product-Marketing.Txt




are you passionate about cloud computing?  inspired by how the cloud continues to disrupt the enterprise computing industry? seventeen years ago, salesforce started a revolution that the industry now called cloud computing. with your technical knowledge and communication skills, you will evangelize cloud computing to our top customers, analysts, and customer-facing employees.  we want every customer, analyst, and employee to become an evangelist for our cloud, highlighting how we have created the leading enterprise cloud service in the industry.   successful candidates will be able to work closely with senior executives to understand our core technology, differentiators, and future roadmap for our cloud and then communicate these capabilities back to the market. the largest and most complex customers want to understand how the salesforce infrastructure works and how it compares to their traditional on-premises infrastructure and applications. role and responsibilities:
evangelize salesforce's cloud computing infrastructure technology through scalable marketing and communication programs customer outeach and communication regarding service incidents  market and communicate our advantages to our top customers and partners through multiple channels.  develop materials to market our innovation, infrastructure, architecture, roadmap, applications, processes, security, and reliability – all of our core technology. scale the programs across the company so every customer-facing employee can easily describe the benefits of our cloud.  develop a certification program so the appropriate internal employees can evangelize our core technology.
experience/skills required:

experience in marketing and communicating core technologies and infrastructure to internal and external audiences. comfortable in high-stress, challenging customer situations (rebuilding trust with customers) 6+ years of experience in product or technical marketing, product management experience with cross-functional skills and interfacing with c-level executives/customers strong creative and technical skills passion for cloud computing and disruptive thinking excellent written and presentation skills ability to work across teams and provide leadership of ideas experience with service level agreements and cross-collaboration with legal and revenue recognition self-motivated individual capable of working in a face-paced, start-up environment nice to have: infrastructure development experience
role description: the team you will work for is in the business of enhancing engineering productivity. we provide a robust continuous delivery pipeline that enables salesforce engineering teams to deliver features to customers fast and efficiently. at our core we have secure, reliable, and scalable services that take software from concept to customer. to do this job well, you'll need a passion and innate understanding of business, a strong knowledge and interest in technology, strong communication skills, and thrive on driving critical, large scale programs and projects to completion.     your impact: • working with multiple delivery teams to take ownership and accountability of technical project planning and delivery • translate business objectives into execution strategy (tactical and strategic), lead and successfully execute the strategy through strong collaboration and agile leadership • ensure data is collected to appropriately inform decision making for mitigating risks and resolving issues • utilize an agile mindset to create a collaborative environment that fosters autonomy, transparency, mastery, innovation, and learning; promotes continuous improvement • anticipate and aggressively remove obstacles that slow down or prevent programs from delivering on program objectives. drive for clarity to keep teams moving forward • provide "go to” leadership, transparency, and visibility to the entire • monitor and resolve end-to-end process for things like: repeating pain points/sticking points, blockers. build plans and mitigations to address pain points to ensure the alacrity of the cloud and/or program. basic requirements: • 6+ years of strong technical program management experience • 3+ years of solution management experience for infrastructure, software, or cloud based platforms • experience working in large scale infrastructure environments in depth understanding of cloud-based, multitenant platforms • thorough understanding of the software development lifecycle; ability to adjust and apply this knowledge in a dynamic environment using agile methodologies • outstanding organizational, communication, interpersonal, relationship building skills conducive to collaboration; able to work well in a cross-functional, matrix management environment • excellent analytical and problem solving skills with a history of hands-on, detail orientation • ability to establish credibility and rapport with senior executives and technical and non-technical team members alike • ability to successfully collaborate with all functions functions across the entire company • a service oriented minded person who "thinks customer" preferred requirements: • software development experience • knowledge and understanding of industry trends in continuous delivery of artifacts • understanding of distributed systems, software build and deployment process, security is required; familiarity of docker and autonomous systems is a plus • experience in setting up continuous integration systems • bachelors degree in compute science or applicable work experience   these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  *li-y








