Salesforce 1--Senior-Corporate-Counsel-_-Corporate-Counsel-_-Counsel-Product .Txt




senior corporate counsel / corporate counsel / counsel, product  san francisco, ca; burlington, ma about salesforce.com:   these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company" six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for" nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 

description:

salesforce seeks to hire an experienced attorney to support salesforce's b2c products, platform and services on product development and privacy and data protection issues. the attorney will be responsible for the company's efforts relating to products and services in all stages, from development through launch and distribution, and will be an integral part of the company's privacy program, including maintaining a privacy-by-design program.  the range of subject matters addressed by this attorney will include research and development, compliance, distribution, security, and integration of acquired product offerings. responsibilities:

provide guidance to product management teams on issues related to new and existing products/features throughout the entire product development lifecycle up to launch. be a resident expert and resource on issues related to privacy and data protection as it relates to salesforce's platform, products and services. review and negotiate agreements affecting salesforce's platform, products and services, including with service providers, technology partners, and customers. assist with acquisition and integration of products, content, services, and technologies, including due diligence and integration related to mergers and acquisitions. provide counseling and training on issues related to open source and privacy compliance. assist with the drafting of terms of use, policies, disclosures and privacy notices and implement related processes and procedures. drive process improvement and implementation of best practices as we scale the product legal function to support salesforce's growth to a $20 billion company. partner with other members of the legal team on various issues to ensure consistency with internal commercial and corporate policies, and processes. partner with members of the legal, security, and technology teams to help ensure the company's compliance with laws, regulations, and contracts. work with customers, prospective customers, and partners on product-related questions.


undergraduate degree and a law degree from highly regarded school. 4+ years combined experience in law firm and/or in-house legal department, preferably in the technology industry. substantive expertise in the laws governing e-commerce, marketing, consumer protection laws, social media, advertising, and online tracking technology.   2+ years negotiating and drafting technology license agreements. detailed knowledge of global privacy laws, including the gdpr substantive expertise in intellectual property law. excellent written/verbal communication and negotiation skills. highly responsive and service-oriented attitude. ability to organize, prioritize and manage deadlines in a fast-based and demanding work environment. ability to maintain strong working relationships with demanding internal clients. sound and practical business judgment. collaborative team player combined with ability to work independently. sense of humor.


certified information privacy professional (cipp) familiarity with daa and nai guidelines











