Salesforce 300--Software-Engineer-(Senior_Lead_Principal_Architect)---Delivery.Txt





software engineer (senior/lead/principal/architect) - delivery salesforce is growing the continuous delivery platform team that is building the next generation of service management and deployments for microservices, containers, virtual machines and bare metal. be part of the building and operating a large-scale distributed system, while working with and contributing to the open source community. as a member of this team, you would own significant chunks of this platform end-to-end? about compute infrastructure the salesforce platform hosts web services and applications written by thousands of internal developers and tens of thousands of customers to provide the largest business automation cloud on the planet. we are building the next generation of web-scale, massively distributed core platforms and services that enable this innovation and value for the future. your impact
build highly scalable backend infrastructure services using go, python, java and container technologies like docker build large scale distributed systems spanning dozens of data centers and tens of thousands of machines. developing trusted, secure and customer friendly tools for internal developers to make software deployments easy to hundreds of thousands of machines across dozens of data centers. work closely with the open-source community. the community gave us; it's only right that you contribute back changes and enhancements.

minimum of 5+ years of development experience experience with one of (java, c++, python, go) in a linux/unix data center environment. experience with agile development methodology and test-driven development. experience in building resilient services which utilize telemetry and metrics to drive operational excellence. experience in securing services with a good understanding of security engineering, authentication and security protocols. bachelor's degree in cs or any engineering discipline.

prior experience of developing focused security applications, a good understanding of cryptography, ability to identify and fix vulnerabilities across large-scale distributed systems. familiarity with principles of building reliable, self-healing services on unreliable hardware. experience with ci/cd systems. experience and ability in mentoring junior team members
company overview

  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 









