Salesforce 231--Strategic-Account-Manager---Hls-Service-Cloud.Txt




  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company" five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for" eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  we are currently looking for talented, hardworking individuals with great energy, leadership, and initiative to drive awareness for the fastest growing application at salesforce, service cloud. the account executive role focuses exclusively on the service cloud- service & support and call center application. the enterprise ae (service cloud) will formulate and execute a service cloud sales strategy within an assigned region, drive revenue growth by penetrating the current customer base, and develop new customers in the enterprise space. the ae will work in partnership with the existing ae's and rvp's in the regions, and will carry quota for the service cloud product sales in their region. effective partnering with enterprise sales ae's is critical to the role. this is accomplished by participating and leading client and prospect meetings or engaging other corporate resources as required, as well as participating in regional forecast calls and account planning sessions. accurately forecasting sales activity and revenue while creating satisfied customers are key responsibilities within the enterprise ae (service cloud) position.   responsibilities: - covering large enterprise strategic csg accounts.    - develop and execute successful service & support sales campaigns - personally create new leads from prospecting efforts and assist others - thoroughly qualify leads & sales opportunities - leverage business from new & established relationships - strategize, negotiate & close business - exceed an annual sales quota - work with the industry's best product marketing team to define the service cloud go-to-market strategy. - evangelize the internet's radical transformation of the customer service applications market. - work with product management to distill key functionality and benefits into core product marketing messages. required skills: - minimum 8 years of experience with selling application solutions  -extensive background selling customer service or contact/call center solutions - 7+ years experience in software sales








