Salesforce 276--Senior-It-Systems-Security-Architect.Txt




job title: senior it systems security architect location: san francisco salesforce is seeking a professional to join its information security team. this is a technical hands-on director-level ic role which will work closely with business partners across it to: review security requirements, recommend architecture, and offer practical solutions.   as a sr. it security architect, you will be partnering with various business units in architectural design reviews to ensure the solution have adequate protection to mitigate security risks. domain specific requirements: a successful candidate will have 5+ years security experiences in managing and monitoring of a large array of commercial and open source security management systems expectations of this role are to:

provide directions, guidance, and support to engineering teams on design and implementation of commercially off the shelf (cots) and open source security tools (eg. ossec, osquery), to create scalable, best-of-breed, security services. provide architectural design guidance to ensure user acceptance, cost-effectiveness, and scalability. developed secure integration security frameworks and standards enumerate controls to satisfy compliance obligations and security configuration monitoring. maintain knowledge of security products, industry practice and standards

general requirements:

interpersonal skills to work closely with business units and ensure that security practices are integrated within their technology domains. background in securing multi-tenant services, and/or architecting separation controls in cloud systems. able to provide architectural guidance from high-level design to detailed (hands-on) implementation of security controls. assist in drafting and reviewing company-wide it security strategy and action plans based on security risk and potential threats. understanding of global security and privacy regulation (pci, iso, fedramp, hipaa, cjis, etc.)

qualifications / experiences:

9+ years of relevant work experience, including hands-on technical advisory and coding skills, and proven ability to contribute at both strategic and operational levels. demonstrated technicality across a range of security disciplines. ability to translate technical concepts into language for audiences. a proven ability to build relationships with key stakeholders and business leaders. bachelors in computer science or engineering with an emphasis in information security or a related field, or equivalent experience.

desired skills / experiences:

cissp (certified information system security professional) or equivalent certification and/or expert experience in a major operating system. proficiency in scripting languages: perl, python, powershell, ruby, etc knowledgeable in security trends, products and tooling

  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. *li-y








