Salesforce 179--Product-Manager-Or-Senior-Product-Manager-Strategic-Alliance-Team.Txt




the strategic alliance team is looking for a product manager with a track record of driving new product capabilities from initial concept to successful delivery and market adoption. the strategic alliance team works with salesforce's most strategic partners like google, amazon and ibm. this role will specifically own and drive salesforce's first party integration with real time messaging products (e.g. cisco spark, skype and google hangouts etc). product managers who thrive in a fast paced, collaborative environment and love working with the best technology team in the world should apply. responsibilities
drive the vision for real time communication integrations at salesforce. ensure that the roadmap aligns with the overall product and company vision. be an expert on the domain, the market, and the trends. evangelize the vision constantly so all stakeholders are aligned, have context, and understand where we are going. represent the customer. be the champion and voice of customers. build impactful, personal customer relationships. bring the customer's voice into the creation process. own requirements, specifications, and release plans. drive for the best customer experience possible. work closely with ux to develop, test, and deliver assets to engineering. work with the technology team to deliver a world-class product driven by customers, prospects, advisory teams, and internal product experts. drive the end to end feature delivery cycle. measure success. measure everything. a feature's release does not indicate success. define what success means for each feature and each function before it even goes to development. develop ways to constantly define and monitor success. collaborate across teams. we win or lose as a team. product managers play a critical role in creating alignment between engineering teams and stakeholders. a collaborative attitude is essential to the job. communicate clearly and efficiently. coordinate product release communications for your components. define expectations for engineering teams and hold them accountable to success and failure. work closely with product marketing managers to promote your products both internally and externally, and to ensure a cohesive message. represent salesforce as a domain and product expert at partner and customer interactions, industry and corporate events, online in customer communities, and through social networking.
experience/skills required
leadership - proven ability to set a vision, excite, and lead a cross-functional engineering team. working knowledge of 3rd party development platforms and concepts like oauth, rest and soap. working knowledge of salesforce products and apis is a plus. gathering and transforming business requirements and market needs into a successful product strategy. strong organizational, written, and oral communication skills. experience presenting to executive leadership and handling sensitive customer situations. proven ability to deliver on commitments. ability to lead and work autonomously across groups in different physical locations & time zones ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment. experience in working in an agile product team. 2-5+ years of product management or related experience. bachelor's degree (technical disciplines preferred).








