Salesforce 244--Marketing-Specialist-Esmb-Nonprofit-Sales---Salesforce.Org.Txt




everyone who wants to change the world should have the tools and technology to do so. technology is the most powerful equalizer of our time, providing access to data, knowledge, and--above all--connections. salesforce.org gets our technology in the hands of nonprofits and educators so they can connect with others and do more good. as a social enterprise, the more missions our technology supports, the more we invest back into technology and communities, creating an endless circle of good. we're here to help; visit us at  salesforce.org .

what's in it for you?

what you will get from us is best in class training including boot camp in the us, outstanding benefits including health insurance, corporate amex etc and outstanding support from pre-sales, marketing, lead generation and training services along with a clear and achievable career path.

about the position:

the  salesforce.org  marketing solution specialist is a subject matter expert and trusted advisor who works with nonprofit prospects and customers to evangelize marketing platform solutions that deliver relevant, personalized journeys across channels and devices.  we are seeking an experienced quota-carrying sales executive who can work both as part of a broader account team and as an individual contributor driving self-generated sales opportunities focused on the salesforce marketing cloud and pardot product lines.  if you have a passion for being at the cutting edge of how nonprofit organizations engage with their constituents, we want to speak with you!



collaborate with account and territory team to identify target accounts

create and drive revenue within a specified region and/or list of named accounts

generate business opportunities through networking, cold-calling, and prospecting in to current  salesforce.org  customers

own the sales cycle for your product suites - from lead generation to closure

meet and exceed all quarterly and annual sales quotas

empower and enable your territory team on how to position marketing cloud and pardot products within their accounts

drive brand awareness, campaigns, and lead generation via networking, associations, etc.

maintain accurate account and opportunity forecasting

ensure 100% customer satisfaction and retention




a proven team player, sales hunter and closer

2+ years of outside enterprise software sales experience or 2+ years of digital marketing sales experience

strong preference with prior experience with exact target marketing cloud, pardot and  salesforce.com

proven track record of sales excellence working as an individual contributor and working in a team environment

be able to work independently and as part of a team in a fast pace, rapid change environment

superior professional presence and business acumen

experience selling at the "c" level – chief marketing officer, chief digital officer, chief development officer is a plus

ability to give high-level/overview product demonstrations

work collaboratively with solution engineering team to create compelling demonstration scenarios

ability to be extremely effective via online meetings, hangouts, and conference calls

passion for working with nonprofit organizations

ability to travel as needed










