Salesforce 357--Director_Senior-Manager-Marketing-Operations.Txt




role: director/ senior manager, marketing operations role and department description: the marketing operations team's goal is to increase marketing efficiency and organizational agility through world class functional budget strategies, automation and analytics.  the marketing operations senior manager role reports to the sr. director of marketing operations, budgeting & planning in the corporate marketing group.  in this role, the marketing operations senior manager will manage the spend management team, global marketing budget and is responsible for ensuring that all quarterly funds are spent timely and accurately.  the marketing operations senior manager also supports management with ad hoc reporting, data modeling and roi measurement to provide analysis and insight for management decision making.    minimum qualifications:
support the sr. director of marketing operations and manage the budgets and spending for worldwide marketing teams to within 1% of the corporate marketing program spend target each quarter. design, implement, and maintain advanced budget reports and dashboards for budget stake holders to better understand daily, monthly, and quarterly spend details analyze and present spend data on marketing programs to exec management including trending on key tactics, growth/decline on activities, and roi.  monitor, analyze and report on the health of marketing while providing timely and actionable budget recommendations. conduct in-quarter reconciliation of all marketing budgets and mdf recognition and managing incremental budget requests. lead the budget planning for marketing and develop the annual business plan for all regions and fucntions. ensure that all purchase requisitions are accurately recorded in the marketing resource management (mrm)  tool for accounting and quarterly close purposes.  build strong working relationships with business partners within marketing & other cross functional groups.  sustain leadership role for spending accuracy in the company.

lead meetings with regional and functional budget owners to review quarterly budget. understand workflows & interdependencies of marketing spending among global finance, accounting, ap & strategic sourcing cross functional teams. be proactive to ensure adherence of process and procedures and to provide resolution of issues found. identify and lead process improvements for the budget to spend process including system automation.  train marketing personnel on how to use the requisitioning tools and to understand basic expense recognition rules to adhere to gaap & sox compliance.
preferred qualifications:

motivated self-starter able work independently with ability to keep up in a fast paced environment. exceptional interpersonal, leadership, and communication skills to work and collaborate with worldwide marketing teams. prior work experience w/international regions a plus. thorough understanding and experience in procure to pay end to end process. financial background a plus.  knowledge of gaap & sox compliance. strong accounting background to understand expense recognition a plus. detail oriented to ensure accuracy in completion of tasks. excellent system skills including excel, powerpoint, oracle, coupa & salesforce.com. at least 7 years of experience in operations, and/or finance.








