Salesforce 245--Sr.-Director-Product-Marketing-Management--Csg.Txt




salesforce is the worlds #1 crm and the customer success group is dedicated to making each and every one of those customers happy and successful. we are looking for marketers who are energized by the challenge of introducing new products, creating compelling strategies to drive the business, building new teams and doing great marketing that shakes up the market. the csg marketing team is looking for an accomplished sr. director of product marketing to drive our messaging and positioning strategy across our customer success and cloud services portfolio. the ideal candidate is with experienced at managing storming and forming teams in a fast paced environment. the sr. director of product marketing will drive the strategy for messaging, presentations, demos, sales tools and training, specifically for the customer success group. the sr. director will oversee pipeline generation efforts and work collaboratively across the marketing organization to build a cohesive message for all salesforce cloud service products. the sr. director of pmm will manage a global team spanning all segments and industries. primary responsibilities:

own the messaging and positioning across the salesforce cloud services portfolio to drive both awareness and pipeline work with product management to create and own a cohesive gtm approach and launch plan that spans messaging, presentations, demos, sales tools and training, specifically for the customer success group tell the salesforce csg story to sales, service, and it teams. work across product marketing teams to ensure that the csg narrative is a part of their messaging and campaigns. partner with campaigns to drive a cohesive gtm strategy both globally and across every segment. work with our customer marketing team to capture transformation stories from customers of all sizes & industries. develop innovative and compelling content that excites, engages customers. this includes: thought leadership content, webinars, data sheets, solution guides, and more. events take attendees from inspiration to perspiration. partner with our events team to manage the csg presence at every salesforce world tour and dreamforce. create compelling and easy to understand internally facing content including sales training, competitive positioning, faqs, and cheat sheets. -    presentations: confidently deliver presentations to audiences of all sizes ( from one person to thousands of people) -    lead a growing team to greatness!

required professional experience/skills:

10+ years experience in product marketing experience with enterprise applications and service portfolios a plus experience and passion for managing and growing teams bachelor's degree or equivalent high energy, charismatic, innovative, creative creative thinker that can generate innovative marketing ideas. demonstrated ability in managing cross-functional initiatives and aligning stakeholders from across teams. strong communication and writing skills, public speaking and presentation skills experience with enterprise applications and service portfolios a plus •    proven track record of speaking in front of large internal, external, and global audiences. proven track record of crafting compelling positioning and thought leadership content. experience working with direct distribution (sales) teams and channel partners. hands-on ability to create a range of marketing assets: from viral on-message product demo videos and succinct slide pitch-decks. proven track record in performing well in a fast paced environment organizational skills to effectively manage competing projects with tight deadlines exceptional team player with proven ability to lead through influence
  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.   *li-y








