Salesforce 348--Technical-Architect.Txt




description:   we are seeking innovative and passionate technical architect who shares our vision of bringing the power of cloud computing to enterprises.  the technical architect is responsible for successfully designing and managing the delivery of cloud based solutions and technologies.  these technologies include--but are not necessarily limited to salesforce.com, force.com and database.com apis, apex/visualforce, amazon web services, heroku, mobile development technologies, and etl technologies.  it also requires that the technical architect maintain an ongoing comprehensive understanding of the cloud-computing ecosystem.   responsibilities:
work closely with enterprise delivery managers, functional solution architects and directly with clients to architect technology solutions to meet client needs. have ownership of the solution from end to end and be responsible for architecting and documenting a technical solution based on project requirements and industry best practices. lead and mentor the development team on the project. enforce sound development practices and ensure the quality delivery of enterprise solutions. serve as a trusted advisor to the client. contribute excellence in a highly collaborative, team-oriented environment.

bachelors degree required in computer science, software engineering, business. 8+ years experience in developing technology solutions. 5+ years experience in managing external client projects in positions of increasing responsibility in the delivery of business consulting and systems development. proven ability to design, optimize and integrate business processes across disparate systems. experience with etl tools. experience developing and deploying custom end user systems. experience overseeing team members. have thorough understanding of oop, design patterns, and enterprise application integration. excellent analysis skills and the ability to develop processes and methodologies detail-oriented individual with the ability to rapidly learn and take advantage of new concepts, business models, and technologies.

expereince developing and implementing salesforce solutions salesforce certificaitons experience with a professional consulting organization (e.g. big 5 consulting). extraordinary client facing skills with the ability to solve the clients' needs and manage scope in a positive way. ability to organize and lead client sessions that result in clear requirements and technical design, even when working with non-technical members of client teams. ability to generate client sign-off and commitment to these designs and the solution.
  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  *li-y








