Salesforce 238--Summer-2018-Intern-Internal-Audit-Associate.Txt




title:  summer 2018 intern, internal audit associate location:  san francisco, ca type:  internship about the internal audit team: at salesforce, internal audit is an independent function that helps the business achieve its goals through an advisory approach. think of us like that friend you call to get advice. it's kind of like that - only we're your friend who reports to audit committee, and we proactively work with you to make the business better. as an intern with the internal audit team, you will be given the opportunity to see and learn about different parts of the business and actively assist the team with executing regional or global audits (operational, financial or technology). as part of the audits, you will review business processes to identify opportunities for improvement within the business. you'll work with the seniors and managers on the team with developing audit program guides, executing applicable test plans, and documenting audit results. in addition, you will have the chance to provide verbal and written reports to senior management at operating and corporate levels. you may also have the potential to participate in other special projects as assigned.     experience/skills required:
currently a sophomore pursuing a bachelor's degree in business strong analytical, data analysis, and problem solving skills, including a strong attention to detail solid communication skills (written, verbal, and listening) exhibits high ethical standards at all times aptitude and passion for learning new things enjoys being a member of a cohesive team displays a positive and collaborative attitude proficient in word, excel, and powerpoint
experience/skills desired:

ability to think outside the box and challenge the status quo proactive and a desire to contribute to the team willingness to go above and beyond to deliver excellence a passion for cloud computing and the customer company strategy
about futureforce: salesforce's global university recruiting program is dedicated to attracting, retaining and cultivating next generation talent. our interns and new graduates work on real projects that affect how our business runs, giving them the opportunity to make a tangible impact on the future of our company. with offices all over the world, our recruits have the chance to collaborate and connect with fellow employees on a global scale. we offer job shadowing, mentorship programs, talent development courses, and much more.








