Salesforce 167--Lead-Ui_Ux-Engineer-Design-Systems.Txt




at salesforce we hire people with the experiences necessary to get going quickly, who are interested in learning new things, and are comfortable working in a changing environment. as a front-end engineer on the design systems team, you will be contributing to an industry-leading html & css framework: the lightning design system. your work will impact our internal developers as well as external developers, customers, and partners in our huge ecosystem. everything must be well-considered — decisions we make have an impact on a massive scale. here are some of the things we think will be valuable, but we're also open-minded about other skill sets. if you recognize yourself in some of these traits, we'd love for you to send us an application. your qualities:
appreciation of clear, valid, accessible, semantic html markup. expertise in css
you understand, and have experience, coding at an enterprise level. experience in componentization, composition, and understanding of what it means to produce truly reusable and easily to implement patterns clear comprehension of the values of modular css development such as bem, oocss, smacss, and atomic design, and enough experience to understand the differences.
experience in accessibility best practices, wcag 2.0 aa-compliant markup, and aria. the ability to write clear code. you also believe that mistakes can be made, so writing good tests is an integral part of the development process. a passion for learning and a love of new web technologies. you continually think about how we could do things better or more efficiently. a love for solving problems — both human and technical. a strong handle on debugging and troubleshooting. the ability to communicate and document technical concepts clearly. ownership of your own professional development. you get bonus points for build tools & js infrastructure (webpack) experience, as well as knowledge of custom elements, css modules, and web components.
our tools:

html5, css3, sass mobile-first, responsive html and css framework with greensock accessibility - wcag 2.0 aa-compliant markup, aria react, es6, node git, heroku, gulp, express
our team:

works in a collaborative, flexible, and friendly environment. believes in equality, inclusion, and giving back to both the industry and our community. is building a pioneering enterprise-scale product used by hundreds of thousands of customers every day. values your professional development.
  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company" six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for" nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. together, with our whole ohana (hawaiian for "family") made up of our employees, customers, partners, and communities, we are working to improve the state of the world. *li-y








