Salesforce 169--Summer-2018-Intern-Equality-Programs.Txt




title: summer 2018 intern, equality programs department description

equality is a core salesforce value. our vision of equality is a #salesforceohana that mirrors the diverse the communities where we work and live, to create a workplace where every employee can be their authentic self and do the best work of their career. the office of equality is tasked with leading the company's equality initiatives, focusing on equal pay, equal opportunity, equal education and equal rights.



we are looking for a passionate, data-driven equality champion to join the team. in this role, you will be responsible for creating, executing, and measuring equality programs to develop, advance, and retain a diverse and inclusive workforce at all levels of the global organization.


partner directly with the equality team to develop and maintain relationships with stakeholders.

drive alignment and consensus across cross-functional teams within the organization while building equality allies through education and engagement.

externally pursue and promote partnerships with local and national organizations, which advance the company's mission of equality.

collaborate, consult and partner with hr, government affairs, legal and recruiting to ensure all efforts are aligned and equality initiatives are supporting our overall strategy.

use critical-thinking skills to apply relevant data, analysis and proven best practices to improve programs.

convey deep expertise with corporate social responsibility programs, corporate giving, volunteer programs and empowering volunteers.




the person most successful in this role:


flexible, fast-moving, execution-oriented. track record of "getting it done.”

this person will have previously developed programs from scratch and have demonstrated positive impact.



must have exposure to inclusion and diversity development

ability to track and report metrics

outstanding writing / presentation-building skills and is a compelling communicator

project management experience a plus




role requirements:

excellent communication, writing, collaborating, and project management skills currently enrolled in a related bs degree
ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment while multi-tasking, re-prioritizing projects and communicating priority updates to stakeholders

ability to demonstrate awareness and understanding of multiple facets of diversity: cultural, ethnic, racial, religious, gender, educational, age, sexual orientation, sexual identity, and other differences that make us unique yet part of our #salesforceohana

sense of humor is a must plus fun, energetic and collaborative personality

salesforce
salesforce, the customer success platform, and world's #1 crm, empowers companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way.  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company" five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for" eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. together, with our whole ohana (hawaiian for "family") made up of our employees, customers, partners, and communities, we are working to improve the state of the world.
salesforce foundation

over the last 10 years, salesforce.org has become a vital part of salesforce's culture. the vision of the salesforce.org is to use salesforce people, technology and relationships to improve our communities. using a unique 1/1/1 model - 1% time, 1% product and 1% equity - we contribute the core strengths of  salesforce  to our communities. the nonprofits in our communities inspire us. our employees inspire us. by giving employees seven paid days per year to volunteer,  salesforce  encourages you to contribute to nonprofits you are passionate about and help those organizations grow and prosper. our volunteers read to children, mentor youth, feed the homeless, build playgrounds and clean up beaches, help nonprofits implement salesforce—and much, much more. 	 	we are an equal opportunity employer and greatly value diversity at our company. we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.









