Salesforce 13--Senior-Or-Lead-Software-Engineer-Performance-(Tech-&-Products).Txt




software engineer, performance (all levels)

locations where we are hiring: san francisco, ca | bellevue, wa *relocation support provided


we are seeking a software engineer, performance to join our r&d, tech & products team. as the 4th largest software company in the world, and the leader in the cloud, we are challenged with designing and developing the next generation technologies in cloud computing. our mission as the "customer company”, is to ensure trust with our customers, from fortune 100 companies, to start-ups and nonprofit organizations. processing more than 5+ billion transactions per day and growing, performance remains a center focus for innovation.

trust.salesforce.com is the salesforce community's home for real-time information on system performance and security. view our daily transaction volume here:  https://status.salesforce.com/performance


be a part of the first-rate team that influences the future expansion of next-generation cloud solutions for speed, scale, and high availability. you will have the opportunity to design performance experiments, collect and analyze data. develop power tools and automation frameworks for continuous integration, performance measurement and analysis. contribute to the design and velocity of our global products. optimize our systems end-to-end by advising infrastructure design, server and application development/ tuning, solving complex cluster architecture and data storage challenges that impact features within artificial intelligence, iot, platform, api's and mobile ui experiences.

if you're fired up about software performance, automating everything, and working with great engineers, this is the job for you!  if you are a developer that is passionate about performance, or a performance tester that is also interested in contributing performance improvements, we would love to hear from you.

this candidate must have the technical prowess to write fast and efficient code,  find inefficiencies and influence others to make performance improvements.  in addition, this engineer needs to measure and demonstrate performance gains in a scientific way, by building/running workloads or simulations.  the candidate should be confident in discussing time/space complexity using o(n) notation and engage in a project's design phase for its performance and scalability considerations.  you are the performance expert for your scrum team, and should own your team's performance related problems on production.



6+ years of software development experience (java preferred)

3+ years in performance engineering

strong programming skills in java, or c#/c++, and their profilers

hands-on experience with performance measurement, analysis, and optimization



experience conducting benchmark and/or work-load testing using automation tools and frameworks for performance measurement and analysis (jmeter)

experience performing simulation or lab experimentation to analyze application/ system performance

distributed systems debugging

ability to work cross-functionally to articulate, measure and solve performance issues

passion for continuous improvement in building knowledge base technically and professionally

bachelor's degree (or its foreign degree equivalent) in computer science, engineering, or a related technical discipline.


preferred skills:


saas experience at scale

knowledge of database fundamentals: sql, schema, internals (oracle preferred, tkprof, awr, ash)

jvm and garbage collector tuning, heap dump analysis experience

experience with the following performance tools:  jmeter, yourkit

experience in using ui profilers and deep understanding of chrome developer tools

understanding of how a browser works (i.e. chromedevtools, ui automator)

hands on experience in javascript, react and nodejs

agile/ scrum methodology experience

experience with big data technologies such as hbase, hdfs, hadoop, pig, hive and/or kafka

experience working in an apache/ spark architecture

knowledge of back-end systems and api's, developer tools and compilers

knowledge of statistical analysis and experimental design techniques

working knowledge of linux operating system

experience analyzing and interpreting large volume of production data using splunk to understand throughput, latency, memory and cpu utilization


  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 

*li-y   *li-cw1








