Salesforce 347--Security-Product-&-Program-Mgt-(Hands-On-Individual-Contributor).Txt




description in this role you will be driving programs that deliver innovative, enterprise cloud security solutions. about you…
extremely knowledgeable about program management and thrive on building and expanding capacity to meet customer's needs. loves to wear multiple hats. keen reader of people, culture and tea leaves; builds the relationships to make things happen. highly functional in a dynamic, challenging environment. extremely comfortable bending between the tactical and strategic. top notch executive presence and communications superstar. able to balance the needs of delivery with an agile mindset.

thrive in a culture of ownership, delivery, and innovation. drive the end-to-end delivery of world-class security solutions. be a catalyst for change in the realm of world-class technology and products. enjoy a hyper-transparent flow of information, conversation and ideas. innovate and invent the future of agile and social program management.

translate business objectives into execution strategy (tactical and strategic), lead and successfully execute the strategy through strong collaboration and agile leadership. working with multiple delivery teams to take ownership and accountability of technical project planning and delivery for security and infrastructure build out programs. develop trusted relationships with key technology, functional leaders and stakeholders to drive focus on the strategic program objectives and optimize program delivery. this includes supporting and holding resources accountable for their responsibilities within the program. ensure data is collected to appropriately inform decision making for mitigating risks and resolving issues. utilize internal tools and agile mindset to create a collaborative environment that fosters autonomy, transparency, mastery, innovation and learning; promotes continuous improvement. drive a continuous focus on developing software based solutions or using automation to replace repeatable, operational tasks. anticipate and aggressively remove obstacles that slow down or prevent programs from delivering on program objectives. drive for clarity to keep teams moving forward. provide "go to” leadership, transparency and visibility to the entire technology & products organization. seek to continuously grow by proactively seeking and embracing constructive feedback. providing the same level of feedback to colleagues to encourage an open and collaborative culture. monitor and resolve end-to-end process for things like: repeating pain points/sticking points, blockers. build plans and mitigations to address pain points to ensure the alacrity of the cloud and/or program.
experience/skills required:

7+ years experience managing large highly complex programs/projects utilizing agile/scrum, kanban understanding and excel in a matrix management environment; experience in driving key information security, compliance and other regulatory requirements internally and externally to the organization. outstanding organizational, detail-oriented, communication, and interpersonal skills;  able to work well in a cross-functional, geographically distributed environment;  excellent at setting expectations with teams, through providing meeting agendas, follow-up items, and check-in meetings to discuss any confusion complete ownership and ability to solve problems. ability to be flexible with a positive attitude and learn quickly in a dynamic environment. ability to be productive in a fast-paced environment with a minimal direction; strong quantitative and analytical skills, proven ability to track and execute security projects; detail-oriented. able to juggle multiple projects and tasks bachelor's degree required, preferred masters in engineering, computer science or related technical field caring and respectful personality, always putting the needs of people first over the delivery of the project thorough understanding of security related technologies and products is a plus. outstanding organizational, communication, interpersonal, relationship building skills conducive to collaboration; able to work well in a cross-functional, matrix management environment. excellent analytical and problem solving skills with a history of hands-on, detail orientation. ability to establish credibility and rapport with senior executives and technical and non-technical team members alike. ability to successfully collaborate with multiple technical functions in the areas of infrastructure, technical operations, software engineering and customer support. experience as a program manager and/or product management is mandatory. experience framing, establishing and implementing large-scale (enterprise-level) change initiatives. a service oriented minded person who "thinks customer”

familiarity with compliance standards, policies and risk management ability to quickly learn salesforce application to build tools and reports or strong  interest in technology and ability to develop application/tool to automate processes understanding of security development lifecycle have or the desire to attain a cism and/or cissp certification have or the desire to attain a agile/lean certification
 we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, the world's most innovative company according to forbes, and one of fortune's 100 best companies to work for six years running. the growth, innovation, and aloha spirit of salesforce are driven by our incredible employees who thrive on delivering success for our customers while also finding time to give back through our 1/1/1 model, which leverages 1% of our time, equity, and product to improve communities around the world. salesforce is a team sport, and we play to win. join us! *li-y
