Salesforce 68--Customer-Campfire-Coordinator-Salesforce-Analytics.Txt





we are looking for someone who is excited to be the analytics ambassador at the initiation of a rapidly growing product evangelism program. these will be the areas of greatest impact:

author scheduling, logistics and campaigns while working with org leaders across sales, marketing, and product teams to evaluate nominees and best identify cities for valuable evangelism investments across the globe comfortable exploring quantitative and qualitative results of campfires and community feedback creative with inventing new areas to explore or innovations to product knowledge sections provided to the customers via campfires or webinars based on the feedback self starter willing to quickly develop innovative new tactics to connect with an excited analytics community



own coordination of scheduling, logistics and campaigns for all customer campfire in person trainings and webinar series events. support the global expansion of the program across the globe accounting for different time zones partner with sales teams and leadership to ensure top priority accounts are served by the current program. collect campfire feedback to ensure high quality delivery and help prioritize product instruction across areas of main concern quantify investment and value from initiatives based on collected statistical information (number of attendees, metrics based on attendees, cost of overhead, etc.) support analytics product marketing and customer marketing teams by delivering content about these evangelism products across events & online communities be the face of salesforce analytics in this evangelism ambassador capacity on the trailblazer community


basic qualifications:

a bachelor's degree and/or 2-4 years experience in event management, marketing or programs. strong project management skills are required including project planning, resourcing, monitoring and reporting. ability to work cross-functionally and juggle multiple tasks expert task management, resource management and interpersonal skills. excellent oral and written communication works with a high sense of urgency, ability to remain flexible within a highly dynamic changing environment and still deliver on deadlines. works well with ambiguity. the ideal candidate will be highly motivated, self-directed and a quick learner.


  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company" five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for" eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 










