Salesforce 352--Technical-Architect---Salesforce-Dmp.Txt




technical architect – salesforce dmp   these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.   role a salesforce dmp technology architect is a strategic position to our customers and within the dmp implementation and integration team. the technical architect is a hybrid business and technical consultant, working with clients, external partners, and colleagues across the salesforce dmp. the technical architect is responsible for the solutions design, software implementation and integrations, and manages technical engagement throughout the implementation and deployment process. the ta ensures project success with reduced cycle times and proper configuration and documentation of the software based on the clients business requirements. a deep understanding of the dmp technology and how it is implemented under a variety of client use cases in conjunction with various client tech stacks, comprehension of how clients will utilize salesforce dmp to address their business use cases, and strong knowledge of the partner ecosystem and the integration methodologies into salesforce dmp, is critical for success in this role. tas must be able to relay technical specifications to client stakeholders, stay current on the development of new product enhancements, and be second line support for technical issues. responsibilities
- solutions design: reflects clients business strategy in technical implementation and solution design documents for each implementation depicting data flows, data sources,
data transformations, and data outputs. considers the impact of his/her solution design on processing costs and efficiency and gathers internal consensus before presenting final designs. -  technical consulting and implementation: leads all technical implementation activities related to the setup, configuration, and integrations into the dmp. understands the subtle nuances of the product and data collection and processing, and can lead detailed discussions with clients on best practices and trade-offs on implementation design decisions. translates complex technical implementation/deployment topics and details into business-friendly language and presents technical concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences. has a deep understanding of salesforce dmp's underlying technology, and work across t&amp;p and csg to evangelize for new capabilities to drive value for salesforce dmp customers. - integration management: has a deep understanding of the partner ecosystem and integration partners. provides recommendations on how to deploy the salesforce dmp in relation to systems of record and systems of engagement for ingesting external data sources and enabling activation partners. coordinates technical integrations with partners, providing technical leadership and troubleshooting efforts where required. requirements - 5+ years professional experience including 2+ years in a technical position at an ad technology company, ad network, and / or a large media company, and past experience in a customer facing role - experience with digital advertising technology implementation technology and operations such as tracking pixels, tags, server-to- server integrations, mobile app sdks, api integrations, tag management platforms, and analytic tools - systems integration experience designing data flows and procedures to ingest, process and export data across multiple systems - strong presentation and written communication skills for both technical and non- technical audiences - knowledge of amazon s3, basic unix commands in terminal, and http apis - intermediate javascript and sql skills. ability to read, write, and troubleshoot using latest web debugging tools -  some programming / development experience (java/python) a plus -  bachelor degree required in engineering (computer science preferred), or equivalent experience with demonstrated proficiency -  travel to client sites for onsite discovery and solutions presentations, not expected to exceed 20% (based on location and project assignment)








