Salesforce 299--Senior-Software-Engineer-Platform-Apex.Txt




senior software engineer, apex
location:  san francisco, ca/seattle, wa. the salesforce platform hosts web services and applications written by thousands of internal developers, and tens of thousands of customers, providing the largest business automation cloud on the planet. we process more than 2 billion customer interactions per day across our global data centers. apex is a programming language that lets isvs develop and run applications on the salesforce platform. the apex team is continuously evolving the apex programming language in order to make customers more successful and productive. our goal is to thrill and delight customers with every new feature, and release. we are looking for exceptional engineers to join our team, and help us shape the present, and define the future of cloud computing. as part of the apex team, you'll have the opportunity to build tools and libraries that influence how developers create solutions on our platform. we think in scale, and value meaningful design, clean code, and high performance architecture. we develop mainly in java and pl/sql with a sprinkling of xml and html. required qualifications and skills

5+ years of java, c#, or c++ experience in a production environment commitment to disciplined software engineering - from test-driven development, documentation, code reviews, to validation, deployment and support. deep understanding of modern object-oriented programming techniques, design patterns, and cs fundamentals ability to take on a problem, analyze, design, and work with teammates to deliver high quality solution on time bachelor's degree in cs or applicable engineering discipline excellent written, verbal communication, and collaboration skills excellent judgement, analytical and problem solving skills outstanding attention to details passion for learning, teamwork, and engineering excellence unrelenting commitment to customer success

  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  *li-y









