Salesforce 354--Product-Security-Incident-Lead.Txt




product security incident lead san francisco, ca. seattle,  wa. trust is the #1 company value at salesforce.  our product security team ensures the security of our products and serves as subject matter experts for our r&d teams and appexchange partners to protect our customers' data in today's rapidly evolving threat landscape.  we are a team of curious minds that specialize in security research, penetration testing, and innovative tool development.  we evaluate a broad range of technologies including complex web applications, distributed processing, virtualized environments and isolation of untrusted code.


with the full backing of our executive leadership, you'll work closely with the technology organization and partners to evaluate the design and implementation of our product offerings, help create innovative security solutions for our products, and educate our teams on secure application development and emerging threats.   in addition, you will create new tools, conduct industry-leading research, and solve challenging technical problems on the forefront of application security.




perform black-box penetration testing and code reviews of our flagship services, product offerings and partners apps.

guide the technology organization's security and privacy initiatives by participating in design reviews and threat modeling.

participate in our incident response and vulnerability remediation efforts.

perform cutting-edge applied research on new attacks and present new findings to both internal and external audiences.

evaluate application security tools for internal consumption. develop new automation and tooling to improve our detection and prevention capabilities.

develop secure code practices and provide hands-on training to developers and quality engineers.





b.s. / m.s. in computer science, electrical engineering or related experience.

5 + years work experience in an application security role.

in-depth experience identifying and protecting against web application and web service security vulnerabilities including those found in the owasp top 10 and cwe top 25.

relevant development experience in several of these languages: java, javascript / nodejs, ruby, .net, c / objective c, php, python.

strong knowledge of the browser security model, crypto, and network security.





knowledge of force.com platform (apex, visualforce, aura…) and the salesforce application.

contributions to the security community such as research, public cves, bug-bounty recognitions, open-source projects, and blogs or publications.

familiarity with security tools such as static analysis, runtime analysis, black-box testing.

attacker mindset: passion for breaking all the things unbreakable.



  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 


salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the san francisco fair chance ordinance. *li-y












