Salesforce 100--Splunk-Reliability-Engineer---Heroku.Txt




splunk reliability engineer - heroku

heroku operates the world's largest platform as a service (paas), continuously delivering millions of apps with a high volume of deploys per day. our vision is for developers to focus on their applications and leave operations to us.

the service reliability(sr) tools team focuses on providing the tooling and base infrastructure ensuring reliability at heroku. we focus primarily on logging, monitoring, alerting and incident response automation. as part of this, we manage splunk for heroku's operational platforms.

we are primarily looking for a software engineer with a strong background in splunk administration and data analytics to assist us in improving the architecture and reliability of our logging solutions. beyond our splunk fleet, we maintain existing applications (mostly in ruby on rails, with some new apps in go), and create new tools to improve monitoring, alerting, productivity and reliability.  we also provide system and operations support for dns, ssl certs, and a few other infrastructure elements.

what's this job like?

you'll champion the reliability of heroku production services. that means:

making it easier to do the right thing in high-stakes situations with tools, guidelines, or processes and advocate for their organizational adoption. collaborate with multiple service engineering teams to ensure that production services meet uptime goals, scale with customer demand, and are operable and maintainable over time. manage distributed systems through design, development, and maintenance of diagnostic, monitoring, alert, and mitigation tools. ensure that we are continuously raising our standard of operational excellence by testing, eliminating, automating, and planning for known and anticipated failure scenarios. connect and collaborate with geographically distributed teams and people of various backgrounds.

base requirements

a strong understanding of splunk architecture and administration, preferably on aws.  willing to work on a distributed team spanning multiple time zones. willing and able to join an on-call rotation for supported services and applications. ability to manage your time effectively and communicate clearly.

additional qualifications

a solid usable experience in at least one relevant programming language (e.g. ruby, python, go, etc.) and a willingness to learn and work in others. proven ability to grow and operate systems at scale. experience debugging and solving complex performance and reliability issues. experience working remotely is a plus.



  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 











