Salesforce 331--Senior-Technical-Product-&-Program-Mgr.-Security-Champion.Txt




trust is the #1 company value at salesforce. it's not just words or a slogan: it's part of the beating heart of the company that everyone contributes to every day. we define trust as security, availability, and performance. delivering new capabilities is one thing, but we must do so while protecting and earning our customer's trust. we ensure this by having our developers embed trust in every product decision and support them with industry leading policies and practices.  the security program managers on our team are responsible for owning and driving those policies and practices, and facilitating useful and lightweight process that allow our developers to better deliver trust to our customers and the company.  we are seeking an individual that is as passionate about security as they are about people. do you want to be an agent of change? are you the type of person that seeks out roadblocks or tough organizational issues and views them as an opportunity? do you thrive in creating creative technical solutions to complex problems and driving resolution to them? do you enjoy streamlining processes to make everyone's life easier and bringing order to chaos all while improving trust? are you passionate about security and understand that there is always more that should be done than available resources? does the idea of constantly changing, high impact work excite you? would you love to work with some of the world's top security talent?  if so, we want to hear from you!  top reasons to join the team:

executive leadership is fundamentally bought in and driving sdl across all development activities as a key component of how we improve trust. the visibility, ability to show improvement, and have impact in this role is significant. security champions are a key component of the sdl program - the "people” invested to improve our processes and technology. this role is critical to continuing to develop and grow the value proposition for the sdl program. the program is in it's infancy, and we are open to ideas about this program - we know the outcomes and are looking for someone who will be persistent in adapting tactics to match the cultures of the various parts of salesforce's engineering workforce.  your key partners in security assurance are super smart and ingenious. they enjoy working with strong technical program managers and helping bring their ideas to fruition.   you are treated as a critical member of the team, a valued resource, with valued opinions, and supported in your work by all levels of management. we are a transparent organization, where we care about open communication and foster the health of relationships.  you are joining a world-class technology & product organization where you will have the opportunity to learn from so many smart people.  you will have the opportunity to create innovative technical solutions to support the salesforce secure development lifecycle.


translate business objectives into execution strategy (tactical and strategic), lead and successfully execute the strategy through strong collaboration and agile leadership work with multiple delivery teams to take ownership and accountability of technical project planning and delivery for security and infrastructure build-out programs develop trusted relationships with key technology, functional leaders, and stakeholders to drive focus on the strategic program objectives and optimize program delivery. this includes supporting and holding resources accountable for their responsibilities within the program ensure data is collected to appropriately inform decision making for mitigating risks and resolving issues  utilize best of breed external and internal tools, and an agile mindset to create a collaborative environment that fosters autonomy, transparency, mastery, innovation and learning; promote continuous improvement  drive a continuous focus on developing software based solutions or using automation to replace repeatable, operational tasks anticipate and aggressively remove obstacles that slow down or prevent programs from delivering on program objectives  drive for clarity to keep teams moving forward  provide "go to” leadership, transparency and visibility to the entire technology & products organization. seek to continuously grow by proactively seeking and embracing constructive feedback treat feedback like rocket fuel, not a wet blanket provide the same level of feedback to colleagues to encourage an open and collaborative culture  monitor and resolve end-to-end process for things like: repetitive pain points/sticking points, blockers build plans and mitigations to address pain points to ensure the alacrity of the cloud and/or program


7+ years of experience in software security, preferably in a security assurance role at large enterprise, supporting large highly complex security products and programs  3+ years of hands on security experience in working with cloud / online services deep technical knowledge in one or more of the following: security, security architecture, cloud architecture, product security, or detection and response  track record of successfully building alliances with teams and individuals in a matrixed environment  experience in framing, establishing and implementing large-scale (enterprise-level) initiatives  ability to establish credibility and rapport with senior executives and technical and non-technical team members alike  outstanding detail-oriented organizational skills, ability to be flexible with a positive attitude and learn quickly in a dynamic environment  substantial emotional intelligence - can balance the needs of the company and read a situation to understand when to forcefully push something, or give it some space  self starter and intrinsically motivated with a history of successful project execution  strong influencing skills with an ability to motivate and drive others to succeed  ability to understand business and technical requirements, capture and summarize key points, and communicate them at levels appropriate to your audience  ability to successfully collaborate with multiple geographically distributed technical functions in the areas of infrastructure, technical operations, software engineering and security  concise written and verbal communication skills with proven experience in influencing executives to drive decisions  information systems, computer science bachelor's degree ​or​ equivalent experience


thorough understanding of enterprise software development and infrastructure processes and lifecycle; ability to adjust and apply this knowledge in a dynamic environment using agile or similar methodologies  past experience driving and managing full lifecycle projects.  cism and/or cissp certification  agile/lean certified  experience with creating detailed reporting and dashboards  seasoned professional in corporate communications, presentation, and risk awareness  experience in driving key information security, compliance and other regulatory requirements internally and externally  information systems or computer science masters degree or equivalent industry experience

 we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, the world's most innovative company according to forbes, and one of fortune's 100 best companies to work for six years running. the growth, innovation, and aloha spirit of salesforce are driven by our incredible employees who thrive on delivering success for our customers while also finding time to give back through our 1/1/1 model, which leverages 1% of our time, equity, and product to improve communities around the world. salesforce is a team sport, and we play to win.  join us! *li-y








