Salesforce 93--Staff-Architect-Infrastructure-Engineering.Txt




salesforce is looking for a staff infrastructure architect to join our compute leadership team. this position reports to the head of infrastructure compute engineering.  the infrastructure compute team designs, delivers, and operates the compute, network, and storage fabric that underlies all of salesforce's services in both private and public cloud - scaling to encompass hundreds of thousands of nodes and millions of cores in both first-party datacenters and public cloud. the ideal candidate is an experienced technologist with deep domain knowledge in building distributed systems, infrastructure-as-a-service/platform-as-a-service, software-defined and physical networking, public cloud, and scale-out storage.   as an architect in infrastructure engineering, you will work to define, document, and align the strategy and execution for salesforce's unified infrastructure platform. your customers are internal salesforce engineers, who look to you to provide a seamless substrate that enables them to ship resilient applications on a continuous basis with low friction. primary responsibilities: you will drive compute, storage, and network strategy at salesforce. the selected candidate must be a technical leader with a strong distributed systems background, proven capability to define a roadmap, drill into its implementation, and deliver incremental value, while building trust with customers, executive stakeholders, and developers. required skills and experience: • 15 years designing, building, and operating software-defined infrastructure.  this is not a solutions architect role building using off-the-shelf components - you need to have demonstrated the ability to build and operate at least one or more hyper-scale services. • strong technologist with deep domain experience in distributed compute, scale-out storage, and network infrastructure at scale.  the ideal candidate will be a regular contributor to oss infrastructure projects. • proven ability to create and deliver a successful product, technical and business strategy factoring all aspects of a fully developed plan including technology, people, finance and process. • polished writing, communication and presentation skills. • computer science, computer engineering, or other technical degree. • results oriented, with the ability to move forward without complete information. • strong live-site focus








