Salesforce 222--Director-Solution-Engineering-Ecs.Txt




director, solution engineering what if you were empowered to solve the most complex business problems that fortune 500 companies face today? what if you had the best social and mobile cloud technology stack to achieve that goal? what if you could work for a company that believes that top line growth is as important as giving back to the community? what if you could work alongside the best and brightest in the industry to craft innovative solutions and transformational strategies? all this in a driven, collaborative and rewarding environment… sounds like fiction, you say? absolutely not! here at salesforce, we call it #dreamjob! description:  in the enterprise corporate sales segment (ecs), we provide solutions and service to named enterprise level accounts and drive the run rate business for salesforce's enterprise business unit.  the solution engineering team provides the technical and solutioning know-how to show our customers how we can help solve their business challenges through salefsorce's products and technology.  the ecs solution engineering director will hire and develop solution engineers, participate in high-profile, strategic deals and partner with sales leadership to grow the business. they may be a player-coach, actively working with their team members to solve difficult problems, and coordinating corporate and external resources when required.  you will manage employees in another salesforce office. your impact:
present crm solutions to a business or technical audience. support the solution engineering team by providing guidance on sales strategies, approaches to solve specific problems, as well as a represent their team's needs to the executive staff. communicate equally with internal resources such as product marketing, development, and sales management to gain commitment and support. the solution engineering director will hire and allocate resources, perform employee reviews and evaluations, participate in strategic deals and back up team members as needed to grow regional business. act as a player-coach, actively working with their team members to solve difficult problems, and coordinating corporate/external resources when required.

prior se management experience is preferred the director, solution engineering should be proficient with crm technologies (or other enterprise business applications) and be able to present to a business or technical audience possess good analytic capabilities, be organized and able to work many tasks at the same time.   four year college degree is preferred
 we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, the world's most innovative company according to forbes, and one of fortune's 100 best companies to work for six years running. the growth, innovation, and aloha spirit of salesforce are driven by our incredible employees who thrive on delivering success for our customers while also finding time to give back through our 1/1/1 model, which leverages 1% of our time, equity, and product to improve communities around the world. salesforce is a team sport, and we play to win. join us!








