Salesforce 52--Lead-Or-Principal-Product Designer.Txt




lead or principal product   designer   -   service   cloud

the service cloud is one of salesforce's fastest growing and most innovative business groups. our charter: build customer service experiences that people love.

we are looking for a hard-working, self-motivated, and creative product designer to join our fast-growing design team. but less about us, let's talk about you…

you're a maker, a doer, a thinker. you love putting pen to paper, sketching concepts, and capturing ideas. you distill complex problems and propose simple, elegant solutions. you're meticulous and excited about beautiful design, and you love seeing products ship.

you're passionate about new technology. you're hungry for new ways to do things. you follow the latest trends, download the newest apps, write/contribute to design blogs. you have a keen eye for beautiful and useful products, and you share your findings with the team.

you're even more passionate about people. you're a tireless advocate for the end user. you have deep empathy for their everyday struggles and challenges. you recognize and appreciate the inherent diversity of your users and approach all your products through the lens of inclusion and accessibility. you always put the user and customer needs first, and you're unwavering in your desire to provide the best experience.

you're a disruptor. you love to change the way people behave, for the better. you put the customer at the heart of your process. and you can't wait to apply your ux design chops to deliver unconventional insights and solve major challenges. you're autonomous, driven, and ready to redefine an industry.

you play well with others. you thrive in a collaborative environment. you bring a unique point of view to the table, and bring out the best in your team. you solicit feedback on your own work, and add value to others' work. you're inspired by people who think differently than you. you take pride in being part of a diverse team and believe in equality as a core value of the workplace.

sound like you? then you're someone we want to work with. join our outstanding ux team, and you'll get to work with some of the best and brightest people in the business. you'll find startup-like scrum teams, consumer-style innovation, and the opportunity to deliver great experiences to millions of end-users... you'll probably also make life long friends and have a lot of fun in the process.


transform complex ideas into proposals for simple and elegant user-friendly designs rapidly create full-fidelity mockups and prototype interactive features for new product functionality participate in design critiques, presenting your work with variations and rationale, as well as feedback for others' compellingly communicate your ideas to, and incorporate the ideas of, a wide variety of teammates and stakeholders work side-by-side with engineers to ensure your work functions as well in production as it does in your design


a portfolio of visual and interactive application design work that includes process work with variations, rationale, prototyped interactive expert craft skills in your tool of choice, be that sketch, photoshop, flinto, invision, or principle. experience working closely with software engineers and a basic understanding of how things are built humility, a sense of humor, and the ability to give creative feedback

nice   to   have:

technical expertise including html, css, javascript, swift, objective-c, etc. and framework awareness graphic design background including a degree in graphic design, visual communication design, interaction design, human-computer interaction, or similar program side projects and branding work experience with field service or mobile workforce products
li - y








