Salesforce 250--Online-Marketing-Manager---Quip.Txt




online marketing manager - quip join a team of passionate, smart, and hardworking marketers looking to change the landscape of productivity in the modern workplace. as a digital marketing manager you will have a chance to own and develop what paid lead generation means to quip. you are the type of person with a strong curiosity and attention to detail, willing to come up with thoughtful solutions and a scientific approach to solving business problems.

drive comprehensive customer acquisition programs from strategy to execution. support both quip's ecommerce business and traditional sales funnel with quality leads and trials for every customer segment. direct management of outbound growth tactics including search, paid social, display, content syndication, and review sites maximize the volume of inbound organic traffic via seo dedication to continuous testing and tracking of new ways to get quality leads into both ecommerce and sales funnels. set up and maintain tracking and reporting of marketing investments throughout the funnel. own kpi's and communication of marketing performance to executives and stakeholders. own creative process for landing pages and ads through creation and optimization, working with pmm and content to build messaging/imagery that resonate with prospective customers.


ba/bs in relevant field. advanced degree and/or additional marketing certifications a plus. 3 - 5 years experience in direct marketing with experience in b2b industry 3 - 5 years experience in search campaign management with $1m+ annual budgets 3+ years experience in seo strong knowledge of direct marketing landscape including content marketing and freemium trial models power user of microsoft excel/google sheets, including strong proficiency in powerpoint presentation development strong written and verbal communication skills ability to manage multiple projects with cross functional teams and short timelines proficiency in photoshop, html, and/or sql a plus


  these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” five years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” eight years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce. 











