Salesforce 182--Senior-Campaign-Manager-–-Healthcare-&-Life-Sciences-Industry-Campaigns.Txt




senior campaign manager – healthcare & life sciences industry campaigns location – san francisco, ca about salesforce:   these founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of forbes's "world's most innovative company” six years in a row and one of fortune's "100 best companies to work for” nine years in a row. we are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at salesforce.  department & role description: the industries campaigns team is looking for a rockstar marketer who's dynamic, creative, and has a track record of creating, delivering and executing killer programs to drive awareness and pipe in industries — specifically healthcare and life sciences. must be an innovative thinker with great experience developing programs to drive solution relevance to new decision makers, and nurture existing pipeline to deliver outstanding revenue results. and, of course, someone who isn't afraid to roll up his or her sleeves and jump right in! turn solution goals and objectives into scalable, actionable & integrated marketing plans that deliver pipeline and acv across salesforce's cloud portfolio.
work with cloud product marketing teams, sales teams, and industry thought leaders/pmms to develop and execute collaborative programs focused on meeting pipeline goals within key accounts, identify new prospects and develop relevance for salesforce in the healthcare and life sciences industry spaces. quarterback across the entire marketing and product marketing teams (creative, writers, online, events, pr, campaign analytics, etc) to ensure quality and timely demand generation execution across all internal & external marketing channels. channels include but are not limited to: events, email, sem, seo, website, paid & organic social, webinars, paid digital, and traditional advertising tactics. research, develop, and execute industry-specific and -appropriate marketing efforts to drive drive demand generation across the funnel. build out the campaign framework with an effective mix of tactics and offers for healthcare and life sciences. ensure salesforce healthcare and life sciences industry positioning are incorporated in outbound communications and campaigns. manage and own campaign pipeline for effectiveness and results. develop reporting frameworks for clear communication with sales and marketing leaders on a global level to share performance trends. communicate effectively and manage communications to key stakeholders across the business.
required experience:

7 - 10 years marketing experience in a role managing multi-channel marketing campaigns ( ie. events, email, print, online and /or social media). 5+ years experience developing and executing new marketing strategies and programs (including account-based marketing) for b2b organizations. 5+ years experience driving demand and pipeline for the programs. 5+ years experience managing marketing budgets, allocating & optimizing spend across tactics and experience with forecasting results. 5+ years experience partnering with sales to deliver enterprise results. marketing experience in the healthcare and life sciences industries a plus. past experience in using salesforce and/or other marketing tools such as marketo, eloqua, responsys, google analytics, omniture, etc. high energy and the ability to manage multiple initiatives. works well under pressure or in a high growth environment that is constantly changing. track record for delivering under tight deadlines. strong understanding of demand generation and a track record of owning campaigns and driving success. strong communication skills including storytelling with powerpoint, data crunching with excel, use of salesforce, etc. analytically inclined, exceptional organizational skills with rigorous attention to detail. bachelor degree from a 4 year college/university.








