Salesforce 40--Product-And-Privacy-Counsel---Salesforce.Org.Txt





everyone who wants to change the world should have the tools and technology to do so. technology is the most powerful equalizer of our time, providing access to data, knowledge, and--above all--connections. salesforce.org gets our technology in the hands of nonprofits and education institutions so they can connect with others and do more good. as a social enterprise, the more missions our technology supports, the more we invest back into technology and communities, creating an endless circle of good. we're here to help; visit us at salesforce.org.

title :  corporate counsel, product & privacy

role:

salesforce.org seeks to hire an attorney that will be principally responsible for supporting salesforce.org on product and privacy matters.  the attorney will play a key role working with customers and cross-functional groups throughout the company across a range of privacy and data-protection-related issues.  the attorney will also be responsible for assisting with salesforce.org's efforts pertaining to products and services across all stages, from concept through distribution.  this position will be based in salesforce.org's san francisco office, and report to the head of salesforce.org's product and privacy legal team.




be a resident expert and resource on issues related to privacy and data protection, in particular u.s., e.u., and canadian privacy laws. work with employees, customers, prospective customers, and partners on privacy and data protection questions, and agreements, involving salesforce.org's products and services. partner with members of the legal team, security team, technology team, other stakeholders, and outside counsel to help ensure salesforce.org's compliance with laws, regulations, and customer contracts.   assist in developing and maintaining salesforce.org's privacy program, and related policies, procedures, documentation, and communication materials. assist in developing training materials, and providing training to employees on privacy-related obligations.   provide guidance to legal and product management teams on issues pertaining to new and existing products/features throughout the entire development lifecycle.   review and negotiate agreements pertaining to the development of new and existing products/features. provide counseling and training on issues related to open source licensing and other areas of intellectual property.   assist with drafting terms of use, policies, and disclosures and implement related processes.   coordinate with and support other members of the legal team on other matters, and partner with the legal team to ensure consistency with internal commercial and corporate policies and processes.




undergraduate and law degrees member of california bar or eligible for registered in-house counsel 4-8 years combined experience in a law firm and/or in-house legal department 2+ years experience on privacy and data protection issues, including familiarity with u.s., e.u., and canadian privacy laws must have both product and privacy experience
experience:

flexibility and understanding of the culture of a fast-paced, commercially oriented technology company ability to organize, prioritize, and manage deadlines in a fast-paced and demanding work environment ability to maintain strong working relationships with internal clients excellent written/verbal communication, presentation, and negotiation skills collaborative team player combined with ability to work independently experience working with and influencing senior leaders highly responsive and service-oriented attitude familiarity with technical concepts in web applications/cloud computing sound and practical business judgment sense of humor




technology background experience with gdpr experience in intellectual property law certified information privacy professional








