
 
 
 
 

 
 

    
    
        
    
     
     
     

     
     
     
       
     
            
     
     
     
     
     
     

     

    
       
       
    
    
     

    
                             
                        
                             
                        
                             
                        
                         
                    

 





  
        

 

    

     
     
    
    

     1-800-NO-SOFTWARE  |  1-800-667-6389  |  Contact 
     
         
             
         
        
         
            

             
                
                
            
                 
                     
                         
                             1-800-NO-SOFTWARE  |  1-800-667-6389  |  Contact 
                         
                     
                    
                     
                         
                             
                                 
                                 
                                 
                                                                          
                             
                         
                     
                    
                 

                 
                     
                         
                            Login
                         
                     
                     
                    
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                     
                     
                         
                            Menu
                         
                     
                
                    
                    
                    
                 
                
             
            
         
     

 
   
     Salesforce 
     Cloud Nav 
     
       Free Trial > 
     
   
 
 Call us at  1-800-667-6389 

 
   
     
       
         
       

       
         
           
             Login 
           
           
             Home 
           
         

        
         

        

           
              
               Products 
           

           
             
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Sales Cloud Sales force automation and CRM 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Service Cloud Customer service, support, and help desk 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     ExactTarget Marketing Cloud Email, mobile, social, and web marketing. 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Salesforce1 Platform Cloud application development 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Products Overview 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Editions & Pricing 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Small Business Solutions 
                   
                 
              
             
           

        

           
              
                 
              
               Resources & Additional Information 
           

           
             
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Customer Community 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Developer Community 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Partner Community 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     AppExchange Marketplace 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Industries 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Services 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Customer Success Stories 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Events 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     About Us 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Careers 
                   
                 
              
             
           

        
         

       
     
   
   

    

     
       
       Questions? Contact us. 
     
     
         
       
     
     
       
         Get your FREE 30-day trial. 
         Start by selecting a product: 
         
          
             Sales Cloud: World’s #1 CRM 
          
             Service Cloud 
          
             Salesforce1 Platform 
          
         
       
       
       
     
   
 





 
   
    

       
         Products 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Product Overview 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        Sales Cloud
                             
                               Sales force automation and CRM 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        Service Cloud
                             
                               Customer service, support, and help desk 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        ExactTarget Marketing Cloud
                             
                               Email, mobile, social, & website marketing 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        Salesforce1 Platform
                             
                               Cloud application development 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        Salesforce Communities
                             
                               Connect customers, partners, and employees 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        Pardot
                             
                               B2B marketing automation 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        Work.com
                             
                               Sales performance management 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                       
                     
                     
                       
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Editions & Pricing 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Small Business Solutions 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    

       
         Community 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Customer Community 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Developer Community 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Partner Community 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             AppExchange Marketplace 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    

       
         Industries 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Overview 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Financial Services 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Health Care 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Life Sciences 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Communications 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Retail 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Media 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Public Sector 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Automotive 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Higher Ed 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Nonprofit 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    

       
         Services 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Support 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Customer Support 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Partner Support 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                       
                     
                     
                       
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Training 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Training Options 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Certifications 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                       
                     
                     
                       
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Consulting 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Salesforce Services 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Find a Partner 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Find a Developer 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    

       
         Customers 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Customer Success Stories 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    

       
         Events 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Overview 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Dreamforce 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Developer Events 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Webinars 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Event Videos 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    

       
         About Us 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Overview 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Awards 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Blogs 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Careers 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Leadership 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Press and News 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Investor Information 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Global Offices 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Salesforce.org 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Sustainability 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Trust 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Legal Information 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    
   
 




    
 
              
            
                 
                

 
 
     
         
             
            
                             
		 
		 
			 
				
			 

			
			 
				 
					 
						 
Job Title: 
						 
						 Principal Software Architect, Search 
						 
					 
							 
								 
Job Category: 
								 
								 Technology - Software Development 
								 
							 
							 
								 
Location: 
								 
								 US - California - San Francisco (HQ) 
								 
							 
							 
								 
SF-Y: 
								 
								 Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring, Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. 
								 
							 

					 
						 
							 
							 
							 Share 
							 | 
							 
							 
							 
							 
							 | Email this job 
							 
							 
							 
						 
					 

					 
						 Principal Software Architect, Search  Location: San Francisco, CA About Search at Salesforce  As the most used functionality across Salesforce's platform and products, Search is a critical part of our success. Indexing hundreds of billions of documents (yes billion with a B), fielding millions of queries a day and running on thousands of servers worldwide, Salesforce Search is arguably the largest enterprise search implementation in the world. About the Role Search at Salesforce is embarking on a transformative journey to evolve our architecture to operate on elastic compute environments, containerize our deployments and judiciously extract Search Relevance and other Intelligence functionality into multiplexed micro-services to be used across various search applications. We are seeking a fearless technologist, a compassionate leader and a passionate software engineer who has tons of experience designing, developing, debugging, and operating resilient distributed systems that run across thousands of compute nodes in multiple datacenters. You ideally have solved similar problems before and your solutions are powering the internet today - somewhere! You have experience balancing feature delivery, service ownership and retirement of technical debt. You're agile and capable of driving and delivering thin slices of end-to-end functionality on a regular cadence with data-driven feedback loops. Of course, it helps if you have already lived and flourished in the innards of a large web scale search engine before. You are an information retrieval aficionado who has also led massive scale lucene/SOLR/Elastic/in-house search engine deployments. You are ideally a thought leader on search implementation and large scale elastic deployment of complex software systems, have a penchant for machine learning and embedding algorithmic solutions in the search stack. You get excited about software performance, uptime, and high availability. Finally, you have exceptional communication skills that let you thrive in working with and across product and engineering leadership as well as business executives. You are equally passionate about mentoring junior members of the team to become successful architects themselves. Responsibilities:  
 Guide evolution of our search architecture into modular, componentized microservices as applicable. Guide embracing elasticity into our extensive Search system built on SOLR. Work closely with Principal architects across Salesforce to develop containerized deployment solution for search. Help extend Lucene/SOLR functionality to support specific customer use cases on the Saleforce search platform. Help devise and implement machine learnt algorithmic solutions for search ranking, query and document understanding, spell correction etc on our SOLR based search stack. Automate, optimize and drive efficiency of effort, code, and process. Lead the discussions on Search Architecture and large technical initiatives with other Architects in the org. Be the custodian of Technical Architecture of our solutions. Be the in-house knowledge bank on Search concepts, techniques, industry developments and architectures. Help devise and implement machine learnt algorithmic solutions for search ranking, query and document understanding, spell correction etc on our SOLR based search stack. Represent Salesforce in technical industry conferences and symposiums on Search, Distributed systems and Big Data. Drive a culture of quality, technical curiosity, continuous improvement, and evidence-based decision making in the organization. Resolve complex technical issues and drive innovations that improve system availability, resilience, and performance. Create, maintain and share technical documentation used by engineers and other team members. Provide mentorship to other team members and partner with other SMEs across the organization 
 Desired Qualifications & Requirements:   
 BS/MS/PhD in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Economics, Statistics, Physics, or related quantitative fields. 10+ years of experience writing software with multiple teams of software engineers. 6+ years of experience in technically guiding teams who have expertise in search systems using SOLR/Lucene or Elastic search in a large web scale deployment. Deep knowledge of inner workings of SOLR and Lucene is highly desired, open source contributions to the Lucene/SOLR code base is a strong plus. Experience with a considerable subset of Big Data and Distributed systems technologies like Hadoop, Spark, HBASE, Cassandra, Zookeeper strongly desired. Experience with container platforms such as Kubernetes, Docker, Cloud Foundry etc. Impeccable attention to detail and strong ability to convert complex product requirements into elegant software solutions. Strong presence at industry conferences in the areas of search, Big Data and Distributed Systems. Strong interest and participation as a coach and a mentor to junior members of technical team. Have strong, heartfelt opinions on consistency & reliability constructs, Lambda/Kappa Architectures, Serverless compute, Design patterns and SOLR/Lucene internals. Excited by building reliable, self-healing services on unreliable hardware. 
 Salesforce, the Customer Success Platform and world's #1 CRM, empowers hundreds of thousands of companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way. The company was founded on three disruptive ideas: a new technology model in cloud computing, a pay-as-you-go business model, and a new integrated corporate philanthropy model. These founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of Forbes’s “World’s Most Innovative Company” five years in a row and one of Fortune’s “100 Best Companies to Work For” eight years in a row. We are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at Salesforce. Together, with our whole Ohana (Hawaiian for "family") made up of our employees, customers, partners and communities, we are working to improve the state of the world. *LI-Y  
						 
					 
				 
			 
			

			
			 
				 Would you like to apply to this job? 
				 Apply for the Principal Software Architect, Search position 
 
 
 
 
				 
			 
 
 
 
 
                                 
                             
             
         
        
 

  
     
         
             
                      
                     Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are  Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status.   Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.com or Salesforce.org.
                     EEO - It's the law .
                 
                 
                      
                     Accessibility 
                    – If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions please contact the 
                     Salesforce.com Recruiting Department .  
                       
                 
                      
                     Pay Transparency Policy Statement 
                    – The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 
                       
                                   
             
         
       
   
             
             
            
            
            
    
             
                
    
                         

                             
 
 Join the #SalesforceOhana  Search jobs › 
  
 Follow us 

 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 
 
                         
                        
    
                         

                             
                         
                        
             
                         
                 
             
                
    
                         

                             
            
            
    
             
                
    
                         

                             
 
 
 Careers 
 Questions? 1-800-667-6389   |    Contact 
   
 
 

 
  
   
                         
                        
             
            
 
                         
                        
             
            
            
            
    
             
                
    
                         

                             
            
            
    
             
                
    
                         

                               
                         
                        
             
            
 
                         
                        
             
            

 


                 
             
            
     
        

     
    
     


     
         
               Contact 
               Phone 
               Phone 
               Offices 
         

        
         


               
        
               
        
               
        
               
        
               
        
               
        

         
        
        
         
             Contact 
            
                 Follow us 
            
         
     

     
         
             1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 |  Contact 
            
                 | 
                 Careers 
            
         
     

    
          
             
            
         
                 
         
    

             
         
    

     
    
     
    
         
    
         
            © Copyright 2000-2015 salesforce.com, inc.  All rights reserved . Various trademarks held by their respective owners.
         

         
            Salesforce.com, inc. The Landmark @ One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA, 94105, United States
         

             
             
                
                 Privacy Statement  
                 | 
                 Security Statement 
                
                     | 
                     Site Map 
                
                    
                     
                         
                             
                             Rate this page 
                         
                     
                
                                    
         
     
         
             
                

 
     
           Select region 
     
     
           
         
            

 
    
         
             
                 Americas 
                 
                    
                         América Latina (Español) 
                    
                         Brasil (Português) 
                    
                         Canada (English) 
                    
                         Canada (Français) 
                    
                         United States (English) 
                    
                 
             
         
    
         
             
                 Europe, Middle East and Africa 
                 
                    
                         España (Español) 
                    
                         Deutschland (Deutsch) 
                    
                         France (Français) 
                    
                         Italia (Italiano) 
                    
                         Nederland (Nederlands)      
                    
                         Sverige (Svenska) 
                    
                         United Kingdom (English) 
                    
                         All other countries (English) 
                    
                 
             
         
    
         
             
                 Asia Pacific 
                 
                    
                         Australia (English) 
                    
                         India (English) 
                    
                         日本 (日本語) 
                    
                         한국 (한국어) 
                    
                         中国 (简体中文) 
                    
                         台灣 (繁體中文) 
                    
                         All other countries (English) 
                    
                 
             
         
    
 

         
     
 
             
         
    
        
     

          
            
     

    
         
            
                 
                     
                 
            
                 
                     
                 
            
                 
                     
                 
            
         
    
    
    
     
     
         
             
                     
                         
                                 
                                    
                                             
                                             
                                        
                                     Live Chat 
                                 
                         
                  
             
         
     
     
         
                 
                     
                             
                                 
                             Live Chat 
                                 
                             
                     
             
         
     
     

 
    
        
  
     

  
 
      
    
    
 

 

 January 
 February 
 March 
 April 
 May 
 June 
 July 
 August 
 September 
 October 
 November 
 December 
 2016 
 2017 
 2018 
 2019 
 2020 
 2021 
 2022 
 Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat 
               
               
               
               
               
               
 Today