
 
 
 
 

 
 

    
    
        
    
     
     
     

     
     
     
       
     
            
     
     
     
     
     
     

     

    
       
       
    
    
     

    
                             
                        
                             
                        
                             
                        
                         
                    

 





  
        

 

    

     
     
    
    

     1-800-NO-SOFTWARE  |  1-800-667-6389  |  Contact 
     
         
             
         
        
         
            

             
                
                
            
                 
                     
                         
                             1-800-NO-SOFTWARE  |  1-800-667-6389  |  Contact 
                         
                     
                    
                     
                         
                             
                                 
                                 
                                 
                                                                          
                             
                         
                     
                    
                 

                 
                     
                         
                            Login
                         
                     
                     
                    
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                     
                     
                         
                            Menu
                         
                     
                
                    
                    
                    
                 
                
             
            
         
     

 
   
     Salesforce 
     Cloud Nav 
     
       Free Trial > 
     
   
 
 Call us at  1-800-667-6389 

 
   
     
       
         
       

       
         
           
             Login 
           
           
             Home 
           
         

        
         

        

           
              
               Products 
           

           
             
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Sales Cloud Sales force automation and CRM 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Service Cloud Customer service, support, and help desk 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     ExactTarget Marketing Cloud Email, mobile, social, and web marketing. 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Salesforce1 Platform Cloud application development 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Products Overview 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Editions & Pricing 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Small Business Solutions 
                   
                 
              
             
           

        

           
              
                 
              
               Resources & Additional Information 
           

           
             
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Customer Community 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Developer Community 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Partner Community 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     AppExchange Marketplace 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Industries 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Services 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Customer Success Stories 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Events 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     About Us 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Careers 
                   
                 
              
             
           

        
         

       
     
   
   

    

     
       
       Questions? Contact us. 
     
     
         
       
     
     
       
         Get your FREE 30-day trial. 
         Start by selecting a product: 
         
          
             Sales Cloud: World’s #1 CRM 
          
             Service Cloud 
          
             Salesforce1 Platform 
          
         
       
       
       
     
   
 





 
   
    

       
         Products 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Product Overview 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        Sales Cloud
                             
                               Sales force automation and CRM 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        Service Cloud
                             
                               Customer service, support, and help desk 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        ExactTarget Marketing Cloud
                             
                               Email, mobile, social, & website marketing 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        Salesforce1 Platform
                             
                               Cloud application development 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        Salesforce Communities
                             
                               Connect customers, partners, and employees 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        Pardot
                             
                               B2B marketing automation 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        Work.com
                             
                               Sales performance management 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                       
                     
                     
                       
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Editions & Pricing 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Small Business Solutions 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    

       
         Community 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Customer Community 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Developer Community 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Partner Community 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             AppExchange Marketplace 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    

       
         Industries 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Overview 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Financial Services 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Health Care 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Life Sciences 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Communications 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Retail 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Media 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Public Sector 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Automotive 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Higher Ed 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Nonprofit 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    

       
         Services 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Support 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Customer Support 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Partner Support 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                       
                     
                     
                       
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Training 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Training Options 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Certifications 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                       
                     
                     
                       
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Consulting 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Salesforce Services 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Find a Partner 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Find a Developer 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    

       
         Customers 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Customer Success Stories 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    

       
         Events 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Overview 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Dreamforce 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Developer Events 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Webinars 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Event Videos 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    

       
         About Us 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Overview 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Awards 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Blogs 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Careers 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Leadership 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Press and News 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Investor Information 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Global Offices 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Salesforce.org 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Sustainability 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Trust 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Legal Information 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    
   
 




    
 
              
            
                 
                

 
 
     
         
             
            
                             
		 
		 
			 
				
			 

			
			 
				 
					 
						 
Job Title: 
						 
						 Industry Solution Director, Fundraising - Salesforce.org 
						 
					 
							 
								 
Job Category: 
								 
								 Salesforce.org 
								 
							 
							 
								 
Location: 
								 
								 US - California - San Francisco (HQ) US - Remote 
								 
							 
							 
								 
SF-Y: 
								 
								 Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring, Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. 
								 
							 

					 
						 
							 
							 
							 Share 
							 | 
							 
							 
							 
							 
							 | Email this job 
							 
							 
							 
						 
					 

					 
						 Salesforce.org is a nonprofit social enterprise with a mission to empower its community of stakeholders to accelerate impact in a whole new way. Salesforce.org impacts thousands of organizations and the millions of people they serve by delivering the world’s best nonprofit and educational technology solutions at affordable rates. It also inspires employee giving by matching their donations and driving volunteer engagement in the community. And it leverages a unique self-sustaining model to generously re-invest the revenue generated back into the community through strategic grants focused on education and workforce development.  We are looking for a talented, self-directed, Director, Industry Solutions who is passionate about working closely with customers to deliver market drive solutions. The Director will define technology solution sets and drive go-to-market strategy, execution, and messaging to help revolutionize the nonprofit sector.  This is an amazing opportunity to have impact with thousands of nonprofits, while working on the world’s best platform for delivering impactful applications. The team is one where self-directed individuals thrive, and one where your vision for increasing the impact of technology  in the social change sector can be realized.  As a market planner and spokesperson you will play a critical role within the Nonprofit Industry Solutions team.  You will have direct responsibility for monitoring nonprofit fundraising technology trends relevant to Salesforce’s product set, qualifying these trends, quantifying industry impact on business planning, determining major areas of current and potential Salesforce product focus, and outlining product and go-to-market strategies to maximize solutions sales to nonprofit institutions.   You will also function as an internal advocate for the Nonprofit market at Salesforce.org and drive strategic planning as well as execution associated with major product initiatives, solutions and sales campaigns.    This role will partner closely with Product Management, Product Development, Sales, Marketing, Alliances and Customer Success.  With a solid understanding of Salesforce technologies and the Nonprofit market you will cultivate a variety of channels to gain and quantify market insight, define major market success themes, and drive nonprofit-specific product innovation in support of overall strategy and revenue targets. This role will report to the VP Nonprofit Industry Solutions and Strategy and will be a key member of a growing innovative industry solutions team PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:
 Develop single- and multi-year business plans for the Nonprofit market, cross referenced to viable product, sales, product integration, and marketing milestones and resources. Identify key product or solution gaps and recommend viable alternatives to closing these gaps. Identify and execute on both short-term and medium-term product and solutions alternatives or extensions from within current technology set which can meet current Nonprofit needs and positively impact short-term business objectives, including packaging, bundling, targeted/improved pricing strategies, and sales/marketing enhancements.  Work cross-functionally to build medium- and long-term product plans and roadmap requirements specific to overall Nonprofit planning and success. Act as the primary go-to-market lead for recruiting/admissions and advancement, working closely with Sales, Product Management,  Alliances/Partner and the Customer Success teams to understand sales trends/dynamics, team -performance, client feedback, and direct and nuanced solution/product imperatives.  Develop relationships with key Nonprofit clients and client thought leaders to help inform decision making and provide advocacy for our solutions in-market.  Act as lead for internal, client, and industry forums to convey product strategy and roadmap, and solicit client and market feedback. Analyze potential partner relationships to enhance overall product roadmap planning, as well as identified outside the current solution but evident within industry trend analysis. Assist throughout the product development lifecycle by actively participating in product requirements development, product design specifications, market testing, pricing and packaging analysis, and go-to-market readiness.  
 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE/SKILLS REQUIRED:
 5+ years’ experience as a product manager or product marketer for nonprofit technologies or related technology discipline. Demonstrated ability in launching and growing innovative products, preferably with familiarity of the cloud/SaaS and CRM technologies. Understanding of agile software development and integration technologies  Analytical and highly experienced pulling from a variety of data sets.  Able to synthesize results for critical strategic-level implications.   Effective within business planning and modeling tools to include excel or other financial/ CRM solutions.  Excellent at modeling what-if scenarios. Excellent written and oral communication skills.  Comfortable and effective in small group and large group presentations.  Experience and a proven track of participating in industry forums or critical sales cycles.  Compelling and accurate writing ability. Collaborative. Proven ability to work cross functionally and informally to achieve overall business objective and product sales and go-to-market results. Passion for technology, and its opportunity to help nonprofits deliver impact. Up to 25% travel including occasional international travel required. 
 LEADERSHIP QUALITIES:
 Think Strategically - Knows what it takes to give your business the competitive advantage. Ability to see the forest through the trees in a dynamic environment. Can develop relevant, sustainable solutions. Aligns the right resources to the task at hand; foresees and plans around obstacles. Make Smart Decisions - Analyzes and synthesizes broad, cross-business or cross-discipline information that leads to breakthroughs or significant insight. Makes an impact. Focus on Customer Success - Builds and maintains relationships with customers; shapes solutions that have significant positive impact on their business. Flexibility - As to be expected in a startup-like environment, the scope of this position will evolve continuously.  Comfort with ambiguity and flexibility is required. Drive Results - Attacks everything with drive and energy with an eye on both the bottom line and customer success. Collaborate & Communicate - Works well within a team environment. Writes and presents effectively in 1:1 and group situations. Inspirational to engineers, designers and market facing teams on a collective vision. Gives others a voice. 
  
						 
					 
				 
			 
			

			
			 
				 Would you like to apply to this job? 
				 Apply for the Industry Solution Director, Fundraising - Salesforce.org position 
 
 
 
 
				 
			 
 
 
 
 
                                 
                             
             
         
        
 

  
     
         
             
                      
                     Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are  Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status.   Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.com or Salesforce.org.
                     EEO - It's the law .
                 
                 
                      
                     Accessibility 
                    – If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions please contact the 
                     Salesforce.com Recruiting Department .  
                       
                 
                      
                     Pay Transparency Policy Statement 
                    – The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 
                       
                                   
             
         
       
   
             
             
            
            
            
    
             
                
    
                         

                             
 
 Join the #SalesforceOhana  Search jobs › 
  
 Follow us 

 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 
 
                         
                        
    
                         

                             
                         
                        
             
                         
                 
             
                
    
                         

                             
            
            
    
             
                
    
                         

                             
 
 
 Careers 
 Questions? 1-800-667-6389   |    Contact 
   
 
 

 
  
   
                         
                        
             
            
 
                         
                        
             
            
            
            
    
             
                
    
                         

                             
            
            
    
             
                
    
                         

                               
                         
                        
             
            
 
                         
                        
             
            

 


                 
             
            
     
        

     
    
     


     
         
               Contact 
               Phone 
               Phone 
               Offices 
         

        
         


               
        
               
        
               
        
               
        
               
        
               
        

         
        
        
         
             Contact 
            
                 Follow us 
            
         
     

     
         
             1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 |  Contact 
            
                 | 
                 Careers 
            
         
     

    
          
             
            
         
                 
         
    

             
         
    

     
    
     
    
         
    
         
            © Copyright 2000-2015 salesforce.com, inc.  All rights reserved . Various trademarks held by their respective owners.
         

         
            Salesforce.com, inc. The Landmark @ One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA, 94105, United States
         

             
             
                
                 Privacy Statement  
                 | 
                 Security Statement 
                
                     | 
                     Site Map 
                
                    
                     
                         
                             
                             Rate this page 
                         
                     
                
                                    
         
     
         
             
                

 
     
           Select region 
     
     
           
         
            

 
    
         
             
                 Americas 
                 
                    
                         América Latina (Español) 
                    
                         Brasil (Português) 
                    
                         Canada (English) 
                    
                         Canada (Français) 
                    
                         United States (English) 
                    
                 
             
         
    
         
             
                 Europe, Middle East and Africa 
                 
                    
                         España (Español) 
                    
                         Deutschland (Deutsch) 
                    
                         France (Français) 
                    
                         Italia (Italiano) 
                    
                         Nederland (Nederlands)      
                    
                         Sverige (Svenska) 
                    
                         United Kingdom (English) 
                    
                         All other countries (English) 
                    
                 
             
         
    
         
             
                 Asia Pacific 
                 
                    
                         Australia (English) 
                    
                         India (English) 
                    
                         日本 (日本語) 
                    
                         한국 (한국어) 
                    
                         中国 (简体中文) 
                    
                         台灣 (繁體中文) 
                    
                         All other countries (English) 
                    
                 
             
         
    
 

         
     
 
             
         
    
        
     

          
            
     

    
         
            
                 
                     
                 
            
                 
                     
                 
            
                 
                     
                 
            
         
    
    
    
     
     
         
             
                     
                         
                                 
                                    
                                             
                                             
                                        
                                     Live Chat 
                                 
                         
                  
             
         
     
     
         
                 
                     
                             
                                 
                             Live Chat 
                                 
                             
                     
             
         
     
     

 
    
        
  
     

  
 
      
    
    
 

 

 January 
 February 
 March 
 April 
 May 
 June 
 July 
 August 
 September 
 October 
 November 
 December 
 2016 
 2017 
 2018 
 2019 
 2020 
 2021 
 2022 
 Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat 
               
               
               
               
               
               
 Today