
 
 
 
 

 
 

    
    
        
    
     
     
     

     
     
     
       
     
            
     
     
     
     
     
     

     

    
       
       
    
    
     

    
                             
                        
                             
                        
                             
                        
                         
                    

 





  
        

 

    

     
     
    
    

     1-800-NO-SOFTWARE  |  1-800-667-6389  |  Contact 
     
         
             
         
        
         
            

             
                
                
            
                 
                     
                         
                             1-800-NO-SOFTWARE  |  1-800-667-6389  |  Contact 
                         
                     
                    
                     
                         
                             
                                 
                                 
                                 
                                                                          
                             
                         
                     
                    
                 

                 
                     
                         
                            Login
                         
                     
                     
                    
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                     
                     
                         
                            Menu
                         
                     
                
                    
                    
                    
                 
                
             
            
         
     

 
   
     Salesforce 
     Cloud Nav 
     
       Free Trial > 
     
   
 
 Call us at  1-800-667-6389 

 
   
     
       
         
       

       
         
           
             Login 
           
           
             Home 
           
         

        
         

        

           
              
               Products 
           

           
             
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Sales Cloud Sales force automation and CRM 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Service Cloud Customer service, support, and help desk 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     ExactTarget Marketing Cloud Email, mobile, social, and web marketing. 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Salesforce1 Platform Cloud application development 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Products Overview 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Editions & Pricing 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Small Business Solutions 
                   
                 
              
             
           

        

           
              
                 
              
               Resources & Additional Information 
           

           
             
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Customer Community 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Developer Community 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Partner Community 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     AppExchange Marketplace 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Industries 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Services 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Customer Success Stories 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Events 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     About Us 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Careers 
                   
                 
              
             
           

        
         

       
     
   
   

    

     
       
       Questions? Contact us. 
     
     
         
       
     
     
       
         Get your FREE 30-day trial. 
         Start by selecting a product: 
         
          
             Sales Cloud: World’s #1 CRM 
          
             Service Cloud 
          
             Salesforce1 Platform 
          
         
       
       
       
     
   
 





 
   
    

       
         Products 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Product Overview 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        Sales Cloud
                             
                               Sales force automation and CRM 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        Service Cloud
                             
                               Customer service, support, and help desk 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        ExactTarget Marketing Cloud
                             
                               Email, mobile, social, & website marketing 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        Salesforce1 Platform
                             
                               Cloud application development 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        Salesforce Communities
                             
                               Connect customers, partners, and employees 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        Pardot
                             
                               B2B marketing automation 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        Work.com
                             
                               Sales performance management 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                       
                     
                     
                       
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Editions & Pricing 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Small Business Solutions 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    

       
         Community 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Customer Community 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Developer Community 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Partner Community 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             AppExchange Marketplace 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    

       
         Industries 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Overview 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Financial Services 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Health Care 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Life Sciences 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Communications 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Retail 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Media 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Public Sector 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Automotive 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Higher Ed 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Nonprofit 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    

       
         Services 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Support 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Customer Support 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Partner Support 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                       
                     
                     
                       
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Training 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Training Options 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Certifications 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                       
                     
                     
                       
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Consulting 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Salesforce Services 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Find a Partner 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Find a Developer 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    

       
         Customers 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Customer Success Stories 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    

       
         Events 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Overview 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Dreamforce 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Developer Events 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Webinars 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Event Videos 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    

       
         About Us 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Overview 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Awards 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Blogs 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Careers 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Leadership 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Press and News 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Investor Information 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Global Offices 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Salesforce.org 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Sustainability 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Trust 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Legal Information 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    
   
 




    
 
              
            
                 
                

 
 
     
         
             
            
                             
		 
		 
			 
				
			 

			
			 
				 
					 
						 
Job Title: 
						 
						 Manager / Senior Analyst:  Finance Compliance and Program Management 
						 
					 
							 
								 
Job Category: 
								 
								 Finance 
								 
							 
							 
								 
Location: 
								 
								 US - California - San Francisco (HQ) 
								 
							 
							 
								 
SF-Y: 
								 
								 Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring, Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. 
								 
							 

					 
						 
							 
							 
							 Share 
							 | 
							 
							 
							 
							 
							 | Email this job 
							 
							 
							 
						 
					 

					 
						 Location:  San Francisco, CA 

 Job Title:  Manager / Senior Analyst:  Finance Compliance and Program Management 

 Role Summary: 

 Salesforce.com  is looking for a talented and dynamic Manager / Senior Analyst to work with Finance Compliance within our high-growth company.  The successful candidate must demonstrate strong initiative, ownership, passion as well as excellent management, teamwork, program management, reporting, and problem-solving skills. Reporting to the SR. Director of Compliance (located in the San Francisco headquarters), the Manager / Senior Analyst will perform a dual role consisting of: 1) Providing overall program management for the Finance Compliance (SOX) program for Salesforce.com; and 2) Performing duties within the Finance Compliance program including planning, execution, and management of SOX compliance initiatives.  This includes understanding processes, assessing risks, evaluating controls,  testing controls, and management reporting. Additionally, this position will assist with other projects that arise as a result of the Company’s fast-paced and ever-changing environment.  Examples include evaluating the process, risks, and controls associated with new acquisition integration, system upgrades, and business process standardization.  This position helps drive continuous improvement of our controls to deliver tangible process improvements and strengthening of our controls framework. We support all aspects of the Company’s operations and aim to provide superior compliance service to all departments throughout the Company in a very dynamic environment. The Company’s management does not take a “check-the-box” approach when it comes to SOX requirements and the this role is expected to drive change, think independently, articulate his/her position on a matter and recommend improvements. 
 

 Responsibilities: Finance Compliance Execution: 

 
	 Work with designated business process owners to gain an understanding of the process and key controls to be tested and assist in updating applicable process documentation 
	 
	 Assess and make recommendations/suggestions regarding the efficiency of processes and operations and communicate how those recommendations impact all other regions 
	 
	 Plan, execute and manage SOX testing and documentation activities. 
	 
	 Stay aware of current developments and recommend, where appropriate, adaptation to our audit approach based on continuous improvement 
	 
	 Build and cultivate a strong network at the management level and working relationships with internal team, departments, those in varying locations and functions, IT personnel, and external auditors 
	 
	 Keep abreast of SEC and other regulatory guidance and regulations as it pertains to SOX and other related financial compliance requirements and perform applicable testing in line with standards 
	 
	 Initiate decisive, timely action to address important issues and face challenges head on, balancing analysis with decisiveness 
	 
	 Build credibility and follow through in driving for solutions which are value-add for customers 
	 
	 Demonstrate good judgment and use acquired expertise in selecting methods and techniques for developing solutions 
	 
	 Maintain dialogue with other industry colleagues and professional organizations to keep abreast of trends in compliance processes and current best practices/techniques. Assist in translating the appropriate solutions to our Company 
	 
	 Engage in our Company's culture, including the development of professional relationships with Finance Compliance personnel, management, and company employees 
	 
	 Focus efforts on continuously improving processes and practices that create the most value for the department 
	 
	 Conduct special projects as needed in an effective and efficient manner 
	 
	 Pursue continuing education and/or professional development as appropriate 
	 
	 Translate broad strategies into specific priorities and objectives to drive to results 
	 
	 Clearly define complex issues despite incomplete or ambiguous information 
	 
	 Maintain an open line of communication and stay connected with internal team members and provide regular updates and feedback 
	 
 

 Finance Compliance Program Management: 

 
	 Develop program management tools to significantly improve the quality, efficiency, and overall success of the various work streams performed by the Finance Compliance team. 
	 
	 Implement program management tools within Finance Compliance to ensure objectives are defined, work plans are developed, tasks are performed, progress is measured, issues are resolved timely, and status reports are created. 
	 
	 Leverage program management tools and other data sources to provide the necessary data to develop individual, departmental, and executive level reporting on the status of all work streams. 
	 
	 Ensure all team members are using program management tools to ensure the data required to track and report progress is readily available and up to date for management reporting. 
	 
	 Be readily available to assist in developing executive reporting requests - both regularly recurring and other reports that have not been previously defined and developed, and are needed on an ad hoc basis. 
	 
	 Leverage the knowledge and perspective gained by a deep knowledge of the SOX program management approach and tools to develop, socialize, and implement improvement opportunities for the program itself. 
	 
	 The successful candidate will be able to provide greater discipline, predictability, and orchestration to the multiple work streams in play within Finance Compliance, and at the same time be able to work in a highly dynamic environment where ad hoc requests and management reports are also frequent and often arise without significant lead time. 
	 
 

 Required Skills/Experience 

 
	 Bachelor's degree in Accounting 
	 
	 2+ years of experience in public accounting 
	 
	 Understanding of financial accounting and audit, as well as the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 and Audit Standard 5, including documentation and testing 
	 
	 Proven technical understanding of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (U.S. GAAP), and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) standards and understanding of Financial and Operational Internal Control methodologies and terminology (e.g. COSO) 
	 
	 Proficiency in Excel, Word, PowerPoint and Google Suite Apps 
	 
	 Proficiency and desire to bring disciplined approaches and program management tools to a highly complex environment with multiple team members and multiple work streams 
	 
	 Ability to develop clear and professional presentations on program status 
	 
	 Ability to drive completion of tasks through disciplined program management approaches and tools 
	 
	 Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
	 
	 Must be able to multi-task and work efficiently under tight deadlines 
	 
	 Sound professional judgment and business acumen 
	 
	 Self-motivated to apply learned experiences and leverage best practices 
	 
	 Models a “can-do” spirit, a sense of optimism, ownership, willingness and commitment 
	 
	 Expresses views with confidence, conviction and respect 
	 
	 Other qualities: adaptability, attention to detail, planning and organizing 
	 
 

 Desired Skills/Experience 

 Although the following are not required, they are considered a significant plus for this role: 

 
	 Certified Public Accountant (CPA) Certification or candidate should be pursuing 
	 
	 Experience with technology companies 
	 
						 
					 
				 
			 
			

			
			 
				 Would you like to apply to this job? 
				 Apply for the Manager / Senior Analyst:  Finance Compliance and Program Management position 
 
 
 
 
				 
			 
 
 
 
 
                                 
                             
             
         
        
 

  
     
         
             
                      
                     Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are  Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status.   Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.com or Salesforce.org.
                     EEO - It's the law .
                 
                 
                      
                     Accessibility 
                    – If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions please contact the 
                     Salesforce.com Recruiting Department .  
                       
                 
                      
                     Pay Transparency Policy Statement 
                    – The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 
                       
                                   
             
         
       
   
             
             
            
            
            
    
             
                
    
                         

                             
 
 Join the #SalesforceOhana  Search jobs › 
  
 Follow us 

 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 
 
                         
                        
    
                         

                             
                         
                        
             
                         
                 
             
                
    
                         

                             
            
            
    
             
                
    
                         

                             
 
 
 Careers 
 Questions? 1-800-667-6389   |    Contact 
   
 
 

 
  
   
                         
                        
             
            
 
                         
                        
             
            
            
            
    
             
                
    
                         

                             
            
            
    
             
                
    
                         

                               
                         
                        
             
            
 
                         
                        
             
            

 


                 
             
            
     
        

     
    
     


     
         
               Contact 
               Phone 
               Phone 
               Offices 
         

        
         


               
        
               
        
               
        
               
        
               
        
               
        

         
        
        
         
             Contact 
            
                 Follow us 
            
         
     

     
         
             1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 |  Contact 
            
                 | 
                 Careers 
            
         
     

    
          
             
            
         
                 
         
    

             
         
    

     
    
     
    
         
    
         
            © Copyright 2000-2015 salesforce.com, inc.  All rights reserved . Various trademarks held by their respective owners.
         

         
            Salesforce.com, inc. The Landmark @ One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA, 94105, United States
         

             
             
                
                 Privacy Statement  
                 | 
                 Security Statement 
                
                     | 
                     Site Map 
                
                    
                     
                         
                             
                             Rate this page 
                         
                     
                
                                    
         
     
         
             
                

 
     
           Select region 
     
     
           
         
            

 
    
         
             
                 Americas 
                 
                    
                         América Latina (Español) 
                    
                         Brasil (Português) 
                    
                         Canada (English) 
                    
                         Canada (Français) 
                    
                         United States (English) 
                    
                 
             
         
    
         
             
                 Europe, Middle East and Africa 
                 
                    
                         España (Español) 
                    
                         Deutschland (Deutsch) 
                    
                         France (Français) 
                    
                         Italia (Italiano) 
                    
                         Nederland (Nederlands)      
                    
                         Sverige (Svenska) 
                    
                         United Kingdom (English) 
                    
                         All other countries (English) 
                    
                 
             
         
    
         
             
                 Asia Pacific 
                 
                    
                         Australia (English) 
                    
                         India (English) 
                    
                         日本 (日本語) 
                    
                         한국 (한국어) 
                    
                         中国 (简体中文) 
                    
                         台灣 (繁體中文) 
                    
                         All other countries (English) 
                    
                 
             
         
    
 

         
     
 
             
         
    
        
     

          
            
     

    
         
            
                 
                     
                 
            
                 
                     
                 
            
                 
                     
                 
            
         
    
    
    
     
     
         
             
                     
                         
                                 
                                    
                                             
                                             
                                        
                                     Live Chat 
                                 
                         
                  
             
         
     
     
         
                 
                     
                             
                                 
                             Live Chat 
                                 
                             
                     
             
         
     
     

 
    
        
  
     

  
 
      
    
    
 

 

 January 
 February 
 March 
 April 
 May 
 June 
 July 
 August 
 September 
 October 
 November 
 December 
 2016 
 2017 
 2018 
 2019 
 2020 
 2021 
 2022 
 Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat 
               
               
               
               
               
               
 Today