
 
 
 
 

 
 

    
    
        
    
     
     
     

     
     
     
       
     
            
     
     
     
     
     
     

     

    
       
       
    
    
     

    
                             
                        
                             
                        
                             
                        
                         
                    

 





  
        

 

    

     
     
    
    

     1-800-NO-SOFTWARE  |  1-800-667-6389  |  Contact 
     
         
             
         
        
         
            

             
                
                
            
                 
                     
                         
                             1-800-NO-SOFTWARE  |  1-800-667-6389  |  Contact 
                         
                     
                    
                     
                         
                             
                                 
                                 
                                 
                                                                          
                             
                         
                     
                    
                 

                 
                     
                         
                            Login
                         
                     
                     
                    
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                     
                     
                         
                            Menu
                         
                     
                
                    
                    
                    
                 
                
             
            
         
     

 
   
     Salesforce 
     Cloud Nav 
     
       Free Trial > 
     
   
 
 Call us at  1-800-667-6389 

 
   
     
       
         
       

       
         
           
             Login 
           
           
             Home 
           
         

        
         

        

           
              
               Products 
           

           
             
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Sales Cloud Sales force automation and CRM 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Service Cloud Customer service, support, and help desk 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     ExactTarget Marketing Cloud Email, mobile, social, and web marketing. 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Salesforce1 Platform Cloud application development 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Products Overview 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Editions & Pricing 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Small Business Solutions 
                   
                 
              
             
           

        

           
              
                 
              
               Resources & Additional Information 
           

           
             
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Customer Community 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Developer Community 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Partner Community 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     AppExchange Marketplace 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Industries 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Services 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Customer Success Stories 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Events 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     About Us 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Careers 
                   
                 
              
             
           

        
         

       
     
   
   

    

     
       
       Questions? Contact us. 
     
     
         
       
     
     
       
         Get your FREE 30-day trial. 
         Start by selecting a product: 
         
          
             Sales Cloud: World’s #1 CRM 
          
             Service Cloud 
          
             Salesforce1 Platform 
          
         
       
       
       
     
   
 





 
   
    

       
         Products 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Product Overview 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        Sales Cloud
                             
                               Sales force automation and CRM 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        Service Cloud
                             
                               Customer service, support, and help desk 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        ExactTarget Marketing Cloud
                             
                               Email, mobile, social, & website marketing 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        Salesforce1 Platform
                             
                               Cloud application development 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        Salesforce Communities
                             
                               Connect customers, partners, and employees 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        Pardot
                             
                               B2B marketing automation 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        Work.com
                             
                               Sales performance management 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                       
                     
                     
                       
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Editions & Pricing 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Small Business Solutions 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    

       
         Community 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Customer Community 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Developer Community 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Partner Community 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             AppExchange Marketplace 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    

       
         Industries 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Overview 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Financial Services 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Health Care 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Life Sciences 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Communications 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Retail 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Media 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Public Sector 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Automotive 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Higher Ed 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Nonprofit 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    

       
         Services 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Support 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Customer Support 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Partner Support 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                       
                     
                     
                       
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Training 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Training Options 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Certifications 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                       
                     
                     
                       
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Consulting 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Salesforce Services 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Find a Partner 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Find a Developer 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    

       
         Customers 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Customer Success Stories 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    

       
         Events 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Overview 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Dreamforce 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Developer Events 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Webinars 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Event Videos 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    

       
         About Us 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Overview 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Awards 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Blogs 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Careers 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Leadership 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Press and News 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Investor Information 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Global Offices 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Salesforce.org 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Sustainability 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Trust 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Legal Information 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    
   
 




    
 
              
            
                 
                

 
 
     
         
             
            
                             
		 
		 
			 
				
			 

			
			 
				 
					 
						 
Job Title: 
						 
						 Global Sales Compensation Strategy Manager 
						 
					 
							 
								 
Job Category: 
								 
								 Finance 
								 
							 
							 
								 
Location: 
								 
								 US - California - San Francisco (HQ) 
								 
							 
							 
								 
SF-Y: 
								 
								 Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring, Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. 
								 
							 

					 
						 
							 
							 
							 Share 
							 | 
							 
							 
							 
							 
							 | Email this job 
							 
							 
							 
						 
					 

					 
						 Title : Global Sales Compensation Strategy Manager Location : San Francisco, CA Type : Full Time   About Salesforce Salesforce, the Customer Success Platform and world's #1 CRM, empowers companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way. We are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, the World’s Most Innovative Company according to Forbes, and one of Fortune’s 100 Best Companies to Work for six years running. The growth, innovation, and Aloha spirit of Salesforce are driven by our incredible employees who thrive on delivering success for our customers while also finding time to give back through our 1/1/1 model, which leverages 1% of our time, equity, and product to improve communities around the world. Salesforce is a team sport, and we play to win. Join us! The person in this role will drive worldwide incentive strategy and compensation plan design to deployment process for multiple SFDC distribution and distribution-support roles within a specific set of business groups. The ideal candidate will act as an executive business partner to leadership while collaborating with cross-functional teams to design incentive compensation plans for roles in various distribution organizations, incorporating feedback from executives and stakeholders in Sales, Finance, Operations, and HR. The candidate will manage the entire incentive design process, from working with leaders to understand business strategic objectives to assessing the success of current incentives to proposing new incentive designs to determining, operationalizing and communicating new incentives.  The scope includes commission plans, bonus plans, temporary incentives (“SPIFFs”), and program management for a number of Sales and “Go-to-Market” roles, up to and including: Account Executives, Sales Managers, Executives, Sales Development Reps, Product Co-Primes and emerging product groups / recent acquisitions. The candidate should be familiar with how software companies go to market in order to align incentives with distinct roles (e.g. industry specialists, account managers, product overlays, etc.). The candidate should be ready to keep our executive team abreast of success and obstacles by using performance analytics to make recommendations for incentive plan fixes as needed. Most importantly, the candidate must be able to build consensus with leadership around recommendations and manage projects to on-time completion.  Downstream of plan creation, this role can expect that another team, Compensation Administration/Operations, will administer and pay on the plans. However, it is critical that this role understand the systems used so that systems abilities are considered in the design phase.  Salesforce.com  has already become an industry leader in speed of delivering plans to sales reps. As the company continues to grow, it will face a greater volume of plans with expanding diversity. To maintain our important tradition of speed, we will need a manager who can instill process discipline, rationalize plan diversity, and rally a team toward a pragmatic vision of incentive strategy. Responsibilities 
 Lead incentive compensation strategy globally for specific business groups Business partner with senior leadership of the distribution organization to understand their business needs and translate them into incentive compensation deliverables Define and lead a cross-functional process to align incentives with company’s strategic and operational goals Determine performance measures, weights and mechanics to drive desired behaviors by role Assess the effectiveness of current incentive plans in driving the desired behaviors Assess the performance of worldwide distribution resources against current goals (e.g. percent of reps achieving quota) Brief executives on current sales performance and obstacles Manage plan design exception requests from regional distribution leadership Oversee the creation of cost of sales models to evaluate plan scenarios Design temporary incentives (e.g. “SPIFFs”) to support short term priorities as well as manage the SPIFF intake process from Design to Communication Communicate with field and relevant stakeholders on policy and program changes in a compelling and effective manner Work with Finance on predicting the cost of incentive compensation programs and designing the plan Be closely connected with the distribution organization to understand their various needs and be an advocate for their resolution in an effective way 
 Required Skilled/Experience  
 5-8 years in leading and delivering business solutions in a consulting, professional services or sales strategy & operations role, ideally in the enterprise software industry Knowledge of typical incentive plan structures in enterprise software (quotas, accelerators, pay mix, and on-target earnings) Demonstrated ability to lead cross-functional teams including executives Demonstrated ability to manage change Demonstrated ability to apply analytic techniques to open-ended business questions Demonstrated ability to manage projects to on-time completion Excellent communication skills and tactful diplomacy Excellent written and presentation skills Expert with Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint Bachelor’s degree in an analytical discipline 
 Desired Skills  
 MBA a plus Experience with global teams Experience with approaches to incenting cooperative selling across complex multinational accounts Project management Salesforce technology, BI tools 
 *LI-Y
						 
					 
				 
			 
			

			
			 
				 Would you like to apply to this job? 
				 Apply for the Global Sales Compensation Strategy Manager position 
 
 
 
 
				 
			 
 
 
 
 
                                 
                             
             
         
        
 

  
     
         
             
                      
                     Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are  Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status.   Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.com or Salesforce.org.
                     EEO - It's the law .
                 
                 
                      
                     Accessibility 
                    – If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions please contact the 
                     Salesforce.com Recruiting Department .  
                       
                 
                      
                     Pay Transparency Policy Statement 
                    – The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 
                       
                                   
             
         
       
   
             
             
            
            
            
    
             
                
    
                         

                             
 
 Join the #SalesforceOhana  Search jobs › 
  
 Follow us 

 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 
 
                         
                        
    
                         

                             
                         
                        
             
                         
                 
             
                
    
                         

                             
            
            
    
             
                
    
                         

                             
 
 
 Careers 
 Questions? 1-800-667-6389   |    Contact 
   
 
 

 
  
   
                         
                        
             
            
 
                         
                        
             
            
            
            
    
             
                
    
                         

                             
            
            
    
             
                
    
                         

                               
                         
                        
             
            
 
                         
                        
             
            

 


                 
             
            
     
        

     
    
     


     
         
               Contact 
               Phone 
               Phone 
               Offices 
         

        
         


               
        
               
        
               
        
               
        
               
        
               
        

         
        
        
         
             Contact 
            
                 Follow us 
            
         
     

     
         
             1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 |  Contact 
            
                 | 
                 Careers 
            
         
     

    
          
             
            
         
                 
         
    

             
         
    

     
    
     
    
         
    
         
            © Copyright 2000-2015 salesforce.com, inc.  All rights reserved . Various trademarks held by their respective owners.
         

         
            Salesforce.com, inc. The Landmark @ One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA, 94105, United States
         

             
             
                
                 Privacy Statement  
                 | 
                 Security Statement 
                
                     | 
                     Site Map 
                
                    
                     
                         
                             
                             Rate this page 
                         
                     
                
                                    
         
     
         
             
                

 
     
           Select region 
     
     
           
         
            

 
    
         
             
                 Americas 
                 
                    
                         América Latina (Español) 
                    
                         Brasil (Português) 
                    
                         Canada (English) 
                    
                         Canada (Français) 
                    
                         United States (English) 
                    
                 
             
         
    
         
             
                 Europe, Middle East and Africa 
                 
                    
                         España (Español) 
                    
                         Deutschland (Deutsch) 
                    
                         France (Français) 
                    
                         Italia (Italiano) 
                    
                         Nederland (Nederlands)      
                    
                         Sverige (Svenska) 
                    
                         United Kingdom (English) 
                    
                         All other countries (English) 
                    
                 
             
         
    
         
             
                 Asia Pacific 
                 
                    
                         Australia (English) 
                    
                         India (English) 
                    
                         日本 (日本語) 
                    
                         한국 (한국어) 
                    
                         中国 (简体中文) 
                    
                         台灣 (繁體中文) 
                    
                         All other countries (English) 
                    
                 
             
         
    
 

         
     
 
             
         
    
        
     

          
            
     

    
         
            
                 
                     
                 
            
                 
                     
                 
            
                 
                     
                 
            
         
    
    
    
     
     
         
             
                     
                         
                                 
                                    
                                             
                                             
                                        
                                     Live Chat 
                                 
                         
                  
             
         
     
     
         
                 
                     
                             
                                 
                             Live Chat 
                                 
                             
                     
             
         
     
     

 
    
        
  
     

  
 
      
    
    
 

 

 January 
 February 
 March 
 April 
 May 
 June 
 July 
 August 
 September 
 October 
 November 
 December 
 2016 
 2017 
 2018 
 2019 
 2020 
 2021 
 2022 
 Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat 
               
               
               
               
               
               
 Today