
 
 
 
 

 
 

    
    
        
    
     
     
     

     
     
     
       
     
            
     
     
     
     
     
     

     

    
       
       
    
    
     

    
                             
                        
                             
                        
                             
                        
                         
                    

 





  
        

 

    

     
     
    
    

     1-800-NO-SOFTWARE  |  1-800-667-6389  |  Contact 
     
         
             
         
        
         
            

             
                
                
            
                 
                     
                         
                             1-800-NO-SOFTWARE  |  1-800-667-6389  |  Contact 
                         
                     
                    
                     
                         
                             
                                 
                                 
                                 
                                                                          
                             
                         
                     
                    
                 

                 
                     
                         
                            Login
                         
                     
                     
                    
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                     
                     
                         
                            Menu
                         
                     
                
                    
                    
                    
                 
                
             
            
         
     

 
   
     Salesforce 
     Cloud Nav 
     
       Free Trial > 
     
   
 
 Call us at  1-800-667-6389 

 
   
     
       
         
       

       
         
           
             Login 
           
           
             Home 
           
         

        
         

        

           
              
               Products 
           

           
             
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Sales Cloud Sales force automation and CRM 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Service Cloud Customer service, support, and help desk 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     ExactTarget Marketing Cloud Email, mobile, social, and web marketing. 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Salesforce1 Platform Cloud application development 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Products Overview 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Editions & Pricing 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Small Business Solutions 
                   
                 
              
             
           

        

           
              
                 
              
               Resources & Additional Information 
           

           
             
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Customer Community 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Developer Community 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Partner Community 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     AppExchange Marketplace 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Industries 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Services 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Customer Success Stories 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Events 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     About Us 
                   
                 
              

                 
                   
                     
                     Careers 
                   
                 
              
             
           

        
         

       
     
   
   

    

     
       
       Questions? Contact us. 
     
     
         
       
     
     
       
         Get your FREE 30-day trial. 
         Start by selecting a product: 
         
          
             Sales Cloud: World’s #1 CRM 
          
             Service Cloud 
          
             Salesforce1 Platform 
          
         
       
       
       
     
   
 





 
   
    

       
         Products 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Product Overview 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        Sales Cloud
                             
                               Sales force automation and CRM 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        Service Cloud
                             
                               Customer service, support, and help desk 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        ExactTarget Marketing Cloud
                             
                               Email, mobile, social, & website marketing 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        Salesforce1 Platform
                             
                               Cloud application development 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        Salesforce Communities
                             
                               Connect customers, partners, and employees 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        Pardot
                             
                               B2B marketing automation 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        Work.com
                             
                               Sales performance management 
                             
                          
                       
                     
                  
                       
                     
                     
                       
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Editions & Pricing 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Small Business Solutions 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    

       
         Community 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Customer Community 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Developer Community 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Partner Community 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             AppExchange Marketplace 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    

       
         Industries 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Overview 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Financial Services 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Health Care 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Life Sciences 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Communications 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Retail 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Media 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Public Sector 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Automotive 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Higher Ed 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Nonprofit 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    

       
         Services 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Support 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Customer Support 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Partner Support 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                       
                     
                     
                       
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Training 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Training Options 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Certifications 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                       
                     
                     
                       
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Consulting 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Salesforce Services 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Find a Partner 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Find a Developer 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    

       
         Customers 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Customer Success Stories 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    

       
         Events 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Overview 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Dreamforce 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Developer Events 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Webinars 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Event Videos 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    

       
         About Us 
         
           
             
              
                     
                       
                        
                             Overview 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Awards 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Blogs 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Careers 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Leadership 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Press and News 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Investor Information 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Global Offices 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Salesforce.org 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Sustainability 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Trust 
                          
                       
                     
                  
                     
                       
                        
                             Legal Information 
                          
                       
                     
                  
             
           
         
       
    
   
 




    
 
              
            
                 
                

 
 
     
         
             
            
                             
		 
		 
			 
				
			 

			
			 
				 
					 
						 
Job Title: 
						 
						 Salesforce IT Applications Solution Architect 
						 
					 
							 
								 
Job Category: 
								 
								 Information Technology 
								 
							 
							 
								 
Location: 
								 
								 US - California - San Francisco (HQ) 
								 
							 
							 
								 
SF-Y: 
								 
								 Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring, Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. 
								 
							 

					 
						 
							 
							 
							 Share 
							 | 
							 
							 
							 
							 
							 | Email this job 
							 
							 
							 
						 
					 

					 
						 The  Salesforce.com IT applications team  is seeking an experienced  Integration Solution Architect  with an extensive background in building scalable and robust enterprise integration solutions for a global company. You will be a key contributor in leading the architecture and strategy for a set of solutions required to support end-to-end IT processes.   As a Solution Architect, you will be responsible for designing and implementing Salesforce based solutions for a complex portfolio of initiatives. In this role, you will work closely with a variety of Enterprise Architects, Product Owners, Application Developers, System Administrators, and Delivery Managers across the organization to analyze requirements for various IT processes (portfolio management, engineering lifecycle, service health and asset lifecycle management) and propose solutions that will support the expected outcome.   A successful candidate possesses strong analytical, written, oral and consulting skills, and is able to articulate and document technical solutions. The IT Cloud Solution Architect is a key member of the IT applications team and will primarily focus on mapping EAI and API functional requirements to technical solutions. This role is within the Information Technology organization and supports a variety of business unit throughout Salesforce.com worldwide. Our ideal candidate must enjoy working in a highly dynamic, fast-paced and high-growth environment, as well as be experienced in designing integration solutions for large complex projects.   Responsibilities 
 Participate in strategic planning sessions led by Enterprise Architecture team for development of the integration and application architecture and roadmap. Design, develop and oversee implementation of integration architecture framework and standards. Partner with Business Analysts, Application Developers, Technical Operations, and business users to understand requirements and translate them into high-quality integration technical solutions. Present solution designs to various stakeholders for input, buy-in and sign-off. Analyze latest software oriented concepts, trends & technologies related to the integration domain and apply to business problems. Systems Design: Specify and design solutions across business areas or systems. Evaluate and undertake impact analyses on major design options and assess associated risks. Ensure that the system design balances functional, service quality, security, and systems management requirements. Solution Architecture Deliverables: define, maintain, and manage architecture models, frameworks and artifacts (e.g. current and future state application architecture diagrams, data models, etc.). Business Process Improvement: Analyze cross-functional business processes; identify alternative solutions, assess feasibility, and recommend new approaches via technology enablement. Contribute to evaluating the factors which must be addressed in change management. Analyze business requirements, problems, and opportunities for cross-functional initiatives, seeking effective solutions through improvements in automated and non-automated components of new or changed processes. Relationship Management: Develop and manage expectations for communication channels and/or stakeholder groups. Initiate communications between key contributors and stakeholders, acting as a single point of contact for cross-functional solution architecture. Facilitate open communication and discussion between stakeholders. Data Analysis: understand corporate data requirements, and apply data analysis, data modeling and quality assurance techniques, to establish, modify or maintain data structures and their associated components in and across business areas/ applications of expertise. Provide advice and guidance to BSAs/Developers and others using the data structures and associated components. Scoping/Effort Estimates: contribute to solution scoping and effort sizing with the cross-functional team. Research: stay informed on technology trends and product roadmaps to make informed solution architecture recommendations. 
 Required Skills & Experience 

 Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, MIS, STEM, IT or related discipline or equivalent experience. 10+ years relevant experience with at least 5 of those delivering solutions on force.com, inclusive of Service Cloud. Proficient in communicating and driving information technology solutions that support business objectives. Ability to work effectively and manage partnerships with all areas and members of the business as well as all levels of the organization. Excellent analytical, critical thinking, problem-solving and prioritization skills. Must be visionary and strategic in approach with demonstrated ability to apply architectural disciplines to solve business problems. Self-starter, highly motivated, able to shift directions quickly when priorities change, think through problems to come up with innovative solutions and deliver against very tight deadlines. Excellent spoken and written communication as well as receptive listening skills, with ability to present complex ideas in a clear, concise fashion to technical and non-technical audiences. Experience with Agile methodologies like Extreme Programming (XP), Scrum, Kanban, and Lean. Multiple SFDC certifications preferred, inclusive of Service Cloud. Has served as a solution architect for multiple enterprise application implementations (including complex integrations). Proficiency in software development lifecycle, code management, and release management. Agile development experience preferred. Deep functional and business process understanding of ITSM Customer Support, Renewals, Professional Services, Customer Success Management, and Training & Enablement. Familiarity with data quality management concepts.  Experience with ServiceNow is preferred. 
 About Salesforce Salesforce, the Customer Success Platform and world's #1 CRM, empowers companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way. The company was founded on three disruptive ideas: a new technology model in cloud computing, a pay-as-you-go business model, and a new integrated corporate philanthropy model. These founding principles have taken our company to great heights, including being named one of Forbes’s “World’s Most Innovative Company” six years in a row and one of Fortune’s “100 Best Companies to Work For” nine years in a row. We are the fastest growing of the top 10 enterprise software companies, and this level of growth equals incredible opportunities to grow a career at Salesforce. Together, with our whole Ohana (Hawaiian for "family") made up of our employees, customers, partners and communities, we are working to improve the state of the world.   *FY-I
						 
					 
				 
			 
			

			
			 
				 Would you like to apply to this job? 
				 Apply for the Salesforce IT Applications Solution Architect position 
 
 
 
 
				 
			 
 
 
 
 
                                 
                             
             
         
        
 

  
     
         
             
                      
                     Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are  Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status.   Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.com or Salesforce.org.
                     EEO - It's the law .
                 
                 
                      
                     Accessibility 
                    – If you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions please contact the 
                     Salesforce.com Recruiting Department .  
                       
                 
                      
                     Pay Transparency Policy Statement 
                    – The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 
                       
                                   
             
         
       
   
             
             
            
            
            
    
             
                
    
                         

                             
 
 Join the #SalesforceOhana  Search jobs › 
  
 Follow us 

 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 
 
                         
                        
    
                         

                             
                         
                        
             
                         
                 
             
                
    
                         

                             
            
            
    
             
                
    
                         

                             
 
 
 Careers 
 Questions? 1-800-667-6389   |    Contact 
   
 
 

 
  
   
                         
                        
             
            
 
                         
                        
             
            
            
            
    
             
                
    
                         

                             
            
            
    
             
                
    
                         

                               
                         
                        
             
            
 
                         
                        
             
            

 


                 
             
            
     
        

     
    
     


     
         
               Contact 
               Phone 
               Phone 
               Offices 
         

        
         


               
        
               
        
               
        
               
        
               
        
               
        

         
        
        
         
             Contact 
            
                 Follow us 
            
         
     

     
         
             1-800-NO-SOFTWARE | 1-800-667-6389 |  Contact 
            
                 | 
                 Careers 
            
         
     

    
          
             
            
         
                 
         
    

             
         
    

     
    
     
    
         
    
         
            © Copyright 2000-2015 salesforce.com, inc.  All rights reserved . Various trademarks held by their respective owners.
         

         
            Salesforce.com, inc. The Landmark @ One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA, 94105, United States
         

             
             
                
                 Privacy Statement  
                 | 
                 Security Statement 
                
                     | 
                     Site Map 
                
                    
                     
                         
                             
                             Rate this page 
                         
                     
                
                                    
         
     
         
             
                

 
     
           Select region 
     
     
           
         
            

 
    
         
             
                 Americas 
                 
                    
                         América Latina (Español) 
                    
                         Brasil (Português) 
                    
                         Canada (English) 
                    
                         Canada (Français) 
                    
                         United States (English) 
                    
                 
             
         
    
         
             
                 Europe, Middle East and Africa 
                 
                    
                         España (Español) 
                    
                         Deutschland (Deutsch) 
                    
                         France (Français) 
                    
                         Italia (Italiano) 
                    
                         Nederland (Nederlands)      
                    
                         Sverige (Svenska) 
                    
                         United Kingdom (English) 
                    
                         All other countries (English) 
                    
                 
             
         
    
         
             
                 Asia Pacific 
                 
                    
                         Australia (English) 
                    
                         India (English) 
                    
                         日本 (日本語) 
                    
                         한국 (한국어) 
                    
                         中国 (简体中文) 
                    
                         台灣 (繁體中文) 
                    
                         All other countries (English) 
                    
                 
             
         
    
 

         
     
 
             
         
    
        
     

          
            
     

    
         
            
                 
                     
                 
            
                 
                     
                 
            
                 
                     
                 
            
         
    
    
    
     
     
         
             
                     
                         
                                 
                                    
                                             
                                             
                                        
                                     Live Chat 
                                 
                         
                  
             
         
     
     
         
                 
                     
                             
                                 
                             Live Chat 
                                 
                             
                     
             
         
     
     

 
    
        
  
     

  
 
      
    
    
 

 

 January 
 February 
 March 
 April 
 May 
 June 
 July 
 August 
 September 
 October 
 November 
 December 
 2016 
 2017 
 2018 
 2019 
 2020 
 2021 
 2022 
 Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat 
               
               
               
               
               
               
 Today