Security Specialist
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 Safety Specialists focus on enhancing employee safety and security and positively impact the employee experience in a fast moving office environment at Square. This is accomplished through direct interaction with employees, contractors, and vendors, as well as partnering with building management and internal departments and teams. Safety Specialists are responsible for office safety and security, guest relationship management, responding to medical incidents, documentation and incident reporting, and other duties assigned to them as needed. Safety programs, inspections, and participation in company events are other included duties.
 Under the direction of the Security Operations Supervisor, Safety Specialists safeguard Square employees, guests, and facilities from harm or other risks, including fire, theft, accidents, unauthorized access and property damage.
 You will:
 Maintain watch of facilities and equipment to prevent malfunction
 Be able to stand for prolonged periods of time on post in varied conditions
 Accommodate employee needs to enhance their work experience
 Greet and provide high levels of service to employees, guests, and others at Square
 Conduct surveillance of office perimeter through networked video and access control systems 
 Monitor radio, telephone, and other electronic notification systems and respond to calls for service
 Report and document all incidents and complete daily security reports
 Facilitate and ensure safety of visitors and employees in the event of an emergency evacuation  
 Provide emergency first aid including AED and CPR when necessary
 Participate in ongoing training
 Qualifications
 You have:
 At least one-year experience as a Security Officer working under the direction of a BSIS licensed company.
 Current California BSIS Guard Card
 First-aid, CPR, and AED certification through either the American Heart Association or the Red Cross
 Pass comprehensive background check
 Excellent oral and written communication skills
 Have outstanding customer service skills and be willing to engage staff in a pleasant manner
 Knowledge of employee and facility protection systems: fire extinguishers, alarm systems, video management systems, access control systems, inspection systems, report writing systems
 Willingness to confront trespassers or individuals intent on causing harm to employees or assets
 Available to work a flexible schedule; including overtime, nights, weekends and holidays
 Computer literacy with ability to work on Mac (desktop and iOS) and PC platforms
 Physical Requirements:
 Ability to lift and carry approximately 50 pounds
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
