Courier Onboarding & Support Specialist (contract)
 San Francisco, CA, USA
 Contract
 Company Description
 Caviar is changing the way businesses and consumers order food from restaurants. We believe that everyone should have access to the best eateries in their city without any hassles. Want your favorite burger joint, but hate the traffic and long lines? We're a team of passionate individuals solving that exact problem for your home and office. At Caviar, we believe in an environment that allows you to be creative and go beyond the call of duty. We're looking for exceptionally talented individuals who want to learn and grow with the company. Each and every day counts - you'll make a direct impact to the business starting on Day 1.
 Job Description
 Our business is growing at a fast pace and we need to continue to grow our world-class courier fleet. You’ll be responsible for helping grow and support our courier fleets in each of our Bay Area markets. Our couriers are a critical piece to our three-sided marketplace and are on the front lines of Square’s mission, economic empowerment. Your focus will be to lead the orientation process for couriers and support the active fleet. 
 You will be instrumental in supporting our couriers both via email and in person. The ideal candidate is a fiercely loyal advocate for our couriers, a creative problem-solver, and a collaborative team member. This person is energized by working with people, while still being a strong independent worker.
 You will:
 Lead courier orientation in the Bay Area  with a small team at our onboarding hub a few blocks from our main office. 
 Interface directly with couriers and provide exceptional live and email support to our couriers.
 Help track courier equipment inventory for the Bay Area markets and sell equipment to couriers.
 Guide and support couriers through our remote courier orientation process. 
 Assist an Operations Manager with any prospective courier inquiries in the orientation queue.
 Work with an Operations Manager to constantly optimize the orientation process.
 Qualifications
 You have:
 0-2 years of work experience, preferably with some experience in customer support or operations
 A degree from a 4 year university
 Experience in direct customer or client-facing roles
 An attitude of continuous improvement. You see opportunities to improve processes and unlock efficiencies everywhere.
 Friendly and customer service oriented demeanor. You have excellent people skills that will allow you to communicate effectively with couriers from a variety of backgrounds. 
 Hustle: Caviar moves fast and runs lean. You're a people person who can talk to anyone. Flexible and fearless, you’re also excited to help build something awesome and share it with the world.
 Natural curiosity. You love learning how things work and you’re always looking for ways to innovate. You enjoy testing different strategies and tracking the results.
 A keen focus on organization
 The ability to lift and carry approximately 30 pounds.
 Additional Information
 No agencies please!
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
