Sales Strategy and Operations Analyst
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 The Sales team is key in driving and enabling growth of the business at Square. Our Sales Operations & Strategy Team conducts critical strategic, analytical, and operational projects designed to increase profit, productivity, and dramatically accelerate Sales performance. We are smart, scrappy, fun, and committed to making Sales at Square enormously successful.
 As an Operations and Strategy Analyst, you will deliver objective analysis and execute on mission critical initiatives with big impact. 
 You will:
 Work regularly with cross-functional stakeholders to enable Sales growth and drive product roadmap
 Inform the team’s strategic roadmap and plan, delivering data-driven analysis and recommendations 
 Own the Sales team metrics, reporting, and data that we use to run the business
 Qualifications
 You have:
 Bachelor's degree required, with major in analytical or technical field strongly preferred
 2+ years of analytical experience, ideally in Sales or Business Operations, Analytics, management consulting, investment banking, corporate strategy
 Strong familiarity with Microsoft Excel, complex analyses, and models
 Experience with SQL, Tableau, Looker, Salesforce, Python, Ruby, etc.
 Creative problem-solving skills and a can-do attitude to overcome any obstacle and get things done
 Willingness to take on big challenges and own the results from brainstorm to execution
 Works collaboratively across functions including product, marketing, analytics, finance, etc.
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills, able to influence others effectively
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 Posted by
 Derek Kokich
 share this job
 Powered by
