Software Engineer, Square Payroll
 San Francisco, CA, USA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 Square Payroll is the easiest way for small businesses to pay their employees. Our customers love our product because it is well designed, easy to use, and integrated with the rest of their business operations. We are a full stack team, spanning across engineering, design, product, operations and growth. As an engineer on the team, you’ll have a front row seat to roadmap and strategy discussions and will play a critical role in helping the team accomplish aggressive growth goals.
 We are a small, focused, and rapidly growing team with an abundance of growth and impact opportunities. We are building the best full featured payroll solution for small businesses with an emphasis on design and automation. At the same time we are doing this in an efficient and scalable way, making smart choices about how to automate critical functions.
 The ideal candidate is a product-minded, full-stack engineer who can help take an idea from prototype to launch.
 You will:
 Work closely with product and design partners, and Square leadership, to design and build new cutting-edge product experiences
 Help us to continually improve the experiences of our customers and operations teams through automation
 Build systems that collect and maintain customers’ sensitive data, while holding Square to the highest standards for security and compliance.
 Design fault tolerant systems so the team can be brave and move fast, without ever negatively impacting our customers.
 Qualifications
 You have:
 Interest in working full-stack, from optimizing database transactions to building distributed systems and frontend web applications.
 Passion for building products that are beautiful outside and inside – from their user experience to their robust and elegant design.
 Strong software development skills and computer science fundamentals.
 Technologies we use:
 Ruby / Rails
 JavaScript / ES6 / Ember.js
 MySQL / Redis
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
