Scalable Seller Growth and Retention Manager
 Minato, Japan
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 Square is looking for a strategic, creative and results-oriented member to join our Tokyo team as our Seller Growth and Retention manager. You will be responsible for determining Square’s existing end-to-end customer growth strategy in Japan and executing it across all channels. The ideal candidate will have a breadth of functional experience in both developing fact-base seller growth and retention strategy and has a strong track record of successfully working in cross-functional organizations. Very strong execution, quantitative analytical skills and flexibility are critical to success in this position.
 You will:
 Oversee sellers/customers Growth & Retention activities and reporting, including in-depth analytics of Key Metrics (e.g. LTV, ROI, x-days actions)
 Design and execute the strategies and activities to support seller growth and increase customer engagement in scalable ways
 Ensure unified messaging, consistent branding, and collaboration across all activities
 Manage and give the directions to junior members while working on daily tasks as a player
 Work closely with the US team to leverage best practices and share learnings on top of collaboration with Japan cross-functional team
 Qualifications
 You have:
 5 - 10 years relevant experience in Scalable Customer Growth & Retention strategy and execution
 Very strong analytical capabilities and hands-on experience with data (e.g. SQL, Relational databases, BI tools)
 Solid problem solving skills, idea generation and excellent attention to detail  
 The ability to work well with others, build trust within a team, and work effectively in a highly collaborative and global team environment
 A strong sense of responsibility, Self-motivation and ownership 
 Great communication Skills both in English and Japanese
 A BA/BS degree or related experience
 Working in startup environment and IT product development is highly plus
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 Posted by
 Courtney Dubois
 share this job
 Powered by
