Developer Evangelist
 San Francisco, CA, USA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all. We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly. We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location. Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 Square took a simple, revolutionary idea that everybody should be able to take credit cards for payments and change how commerce is done. We continue to open Square’s commerce platform for any developer to build solutions leveraging payments and Square merchant accounts. We’re looking for a Developer Evangelist that’s passionate about ensuring developers can successfully build solutions on Square’s commerce platform. We’re aggressively growing the Square developer platform team as we expand and engage a broader section of the developer community. You’ll help showcase the platforms capabilities through content and presentations at events locally and abroad. Our developer evangelists also play a crucial role of representing the voice of external developers internally and bringing their feedback into our current and upcoming product offerings. Come grow the Square developer community!
 You will:
 Build and grow the Square Developer Community, which targets millions of sellers
 Write and drive high quality technical content that helps developers get started more quickly and easily
 Be the voice of Square in public forums and external events for developers building on Square's commerce platform
 Work cross-functionally with our product teams, many other engineering teams, and partner developers in the design and delivery of Square’s global developer platform
 Qualifications
 You have:
 Passion for developers and an innate desire for good developer experiences
 Experience building and engaging communities
 Have previously delivered high quality code samples and documentation that others use to successfully onboard and build
 Track record of pursuing self directed side projects, research, or open source projects
 Great communication and writing skills
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
