Product Designer – Senior Level, Square Capital
 San Francisco, CA, USA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy, so we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all. We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly. We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, and helping the ice cream shop pay its employees.
 And, with Square Capital, we have extended over $1 billion in funding to our sellers, helping them manage their cashflow and making it easy to invest in and grow their business. Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. And make it easier for customers to shop and pay at their favorite businesses. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone. Our small, highly collaborative team has built our foundational product and is now focused on innovating and experimenting beyond traditional lending products. We’re an integral and growing part of the Square ecosystem and are leveraging our position to build products and features that are beyond the capabilities of our competitors.
 Job Description
 ***For consideration, please submit a link to your portfolio***
 From the beginning, Design has played a central role in Square’s product development process. 
 Whether it’s crafting the user interface our Sellers rely on to run their businesses or designing a landing page for a new product, the Design team is involved at every step. We’re responsible for creating the brand promise customers have in their first interaction with Square Capital and ensuring we deliver on that promise in every aspect of the experience.
  
 It’s crucial we communicate confidence and credibility at every step.
 The Capital Design Team is highly collaborative and you will work closely with product managers, engineers, marketers, and data scientists to create world-class experiences for our customers. As a member of our team, you will be responsible for the design and execution of our customers’ experiences with our Square Capital product. This includes feature development, information architecture, visual design, prototyping and overseeing implementation.
 This is a high impact role and we’re looking for someone motivated by complex problems. You’ll be directly responsible for decisions that influence the product and roadmap. On this team your work will span from core features to experimental projects. We believe in generalists who have a hand in each stage of the product development process, so Product Designers at Square take projects from napkin sketches to final visual specifications.
 Qualifications
 You’ll fit right in if you...
 Have 
 5+ years
  designing for digital products.
 Think in 
 scalable systems
 , not one-off solutions.
 Design for the 
 entire product process
  from flows to interactions at a granular level
 Have a strong portfolio of 
 product design
  with detailed interactions
 Embrace 
 constructive criticism
  as part of the iterative design process and can clearly articulate your design decisions
 Are experienced working with and contributing to a 
 product style guide
 Feel confident creating new visual directions, including 
 color theory and typography
 , and ensuring they’re carried out consistently
 Pride yourself on 
 unparalleled collaboration
  skills and you look forward to partnering with PMs, engineers, and researchers to create beautiful products in an agile environment
 Love getting 
 input from users
  and dread making decisions without it
 Confident with 
 visual design
  and 
 prototyping
  applications. We like 
 Sketch
 , Invision and of course good ol’ HTML and CSS.
 Have familiarity with 
 front-end programming
 . You should know which parts of your design require HTML, CSS, or JavaScript as well as how they impact or are affected by the back-end.
 Maintain a 
 positive attitude
  and the knowledge that any design problem is interesting if you make it one.
 Have excellent interpersonal, 
 communication
 , and analytical skills.
 Bonus points for...
 Expertise in 
 motion design
  and related software
 You’ve partnered with 
 Product Managers
  to create 
 user testing plans
  to confirm hypotheses for new feature ideas, or current feature sets that need improvement.
 You’ve participated in 
 user experience
  research
  and usability studies.
 A combination of 
 startup and agency experience
 . You are always willing to get your hands dirty and chip in to help move a project forward, and you work with urgency.
 Experience working in 
 fintech
 , payments, or a related space.
 Familiarity with creating site maps, personas, competitive audits, storyboarding and user journeys.
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
