Accounting Intern
 San Francisco, CA
 Intern
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 The Square Finance team is looking to hire an Accounting Intern that will be an integral part of our growing team. 
 Square processes over $60B in transaction volume annually and this role is responsible for partnering closely with the accounting and system teams to ensure that this activity is appropriately captured and accounted for in our financial statements. 
 This ideal candidate will be highly analytical and able to work in a collaborative and fast-paced environment.
 You will:
 Prepare month-end journal entries, account reconciliations, and supporting schedules
 Perform testing procedures over revenue generating processes as part of SOX 
 Support quarterly reviews and annual audits performed by external auditors
 Implement, improve, and maintain Oracle journal entry automation for activities including card processing, Square Capital, and Square Cash
 Assist in reconciling bank and card processor statements in new markets
 Help maintain key accounting system data related to the sales and commission payments
 Qualifications
 Pursuing a Bachelor’s degree in accounting or finance
 Passion for Square. Strong interest in technology / knowledge of the industry
 Tech savvy, strong at excel 
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
