Web Marketing & Strategy Lead
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 Square is looking for a strategic, cross-functional, creative, and results-oriented leader to join our team as Web Channel Lead. This individual will be responsible for driving growth and engagement on squareup.com and partnering with channel marketers, designers and engineers to execute on strategy. This is a highly cross-functional role requiring collaboration with all digital marketing channels (Paid, Content, SEO), product marketing, and product management.
 The Web Channel Lead role is a senior role requiring a strong background in technology and digital marketing. The ideal candidate will be an inspired leader that thrives in a fast-paced, innovative environment and who has a demonstrated expertise in working closely with designers to build customer-centric digital experiences.
 You Will:
 Lead Square’s web and e-commerce strategy and set and execute the development roadmap
 Work with the SEO/SEM team to develop strategies and tactics to optimize Square’s organic search presence
 Collaborate with all performance marketing teams to drive activations
 Partner with design and engineering to execute on strategic goals and initiatives that drive new user growth and site engagement on squareup.com and Square Shop
 Lead all conversion rate optimization and iterative testing to drive improved performance and marketing efficiencies
 Be the “quarterback” of squareup.com, balancing various business, product, and brand objectives to determine the proper roadmap for the web
 Partner with the analytics team to analyze marketing performance against goals (engagement, CPA, LTV, and ROI) and define metrics for success
 Work with the Sales, Engagement, and Support teams to identify ways Squareup.com can improve lead generation and customer retention
 Support Square’s eCommerce sales goals - online sales of hardware products
 Ensure alignment of web content and strategy within broader Square corporate strategy
 Consult with international markets on strategies and best practices to support global expansion
 Qualifications
 You Have:
  
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
 6+ years of experience managing an e-commerce or acquisition-based website with consistent success in meeting and exceeding goals
 Preferably experience in both B2B marketing / Lead Gen and consumer facing e-commerce
 Strong understand of performance marketing and branding
 Experience with web development, content management and marketing automation
 A strategic, creative, and analytical work style
 Experience working closely with designers and web developers
 Expertise in web analytics, testing and optimization
 Proven capability managing and optimizing marketing channels, minimizing cost per customer acquired, and maximizing customer lifetime value
 Experience managing and growing relationships with internal and external partners
 A self-starter personality with excellent sales, negotiation, and communication skills, as well as the ability coach others
 BA/BS degree required, Masters degree preferred 
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
