Senior Software Engineer, Developer Identity and Access Management
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all. We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly. We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location. Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. And make it easier for customers to shop and pay at their favorite businesses. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 The Developer Platform team is responsible for APIs that external developers use to build apps on Square's platform and enabling all internal teams to have public APIs. We provide third party developers with the tools to create solutions for both existing Square merchants and entirely new customers. Our engineering team has one simple but lofty goal: convert Square from a product company into a platform company.
 You will:
 Provide technical leadership to guide Square’s transition to an API-first company
 Work with the broader Developers team to design our next generation of policy-based authorization for platform APIs
 Socialize IAM concepts and present best practices to engineering teams
 Author APIs that expose additional layers of our IAM primitives to third party developers
 Work with program managers, technical writers, and third party developers to refine our API authentication and authorization flows
 Qualifications
 You have:
 8+ years designing platform APIs for internal and external developers
 Experience applying identity and access management primitives to platform APIs
 Familiarity with OAuth2 flows
 A bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent
 Comfortable working in or learning Ruby, Java, and Go
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
