Software Engineer, Identities
 Atlanta, GA, USA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all. We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly. We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location. Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 The Identities team maintains the data store of Square customers and the authentication system they use to access Square services. We curate the merchant data model (merchants, locations, employees, devices), provide authentication services (login, two-step verification, access control), and provide highly available services for both of those that answer thousands of queries per second.
 As a software engineer on the Identities team, you will be responsible for designing, building, and maintaining the merchant database and the authentication system. You will be deeply involved in the technical details of building highly available and reliable services, while also working with product teams to enable Square to rapidly build new capabilities for our merchants and buyers all over the world.
 You will:
 Design and develop highly available, clustered services that answer thousands of queries per second.
 Protect customer accounts through smart, targeted rate limiting and machine-learning signals detection.
 Support millions of Square customers through elegant interfaces on the web, Android, and iOS.
 Qualifications
 You have:
 Innate curiosity and a desire to explore solutions in a small, highly focused team.
 Understanding and interest in creating highly available, scalable, low-latency, global systems.
 Track record of pursuing self directed side projects, research, or open source projects.
 Interest in state of the art security systems.
 ﻿
 Technologies we use:
 Java, Ruby, Go
 iOS, Android, web
 Guice, Guava, Protocol Buffers, gRPC, jOOQ, Rails
 MySQL, Redis, Kafka, Vertica
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
