Product Manager, NYC
 New York, NY, USA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all. We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly. We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location. Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 As Square is expanding to meet the needs of a broader seller base, including growing our payments business and upmarket seller base, as well as the Caviar, Capital, and Cash App lines of business, Square's Point of Sale business plays an increasingly important role to tie it all together. Square for Restaurants is a focused initiative within the Point of Sale group that further enables Food & Drink businesses of all kinds to start, run, and grow their businesses through advanced workflows, automation, business insights, and inclusion into the greater Square ecosystem. This is core to our growth plans. You are a bold thinker who is comfortable taking risks, and who has the ambition to drive industry-changing initiatives. You will drive ambitious seller growth metrics and own details of the of the solution from deep in the stack through end user experience. You will focus on enabling every restaurant to have a streamlined, useful, and impactful experience in the Front of House and in the Back of House, while also driving concrete, tangible metrics like conversion rates and uptime, and daily active and monthly active users. These efforts translate to reduced churn, increased lifetime value and dramatic growth in Square’s total payments volume and SaaS engagement. To accomplish this you will work with our executive leadership team and business leaders to hone and deliver on this explicit investment strategy. If you're looking to impact the growth and direction of a company, you will find this role compelling, challenging, and rewarding.
 You Will
 Own and drive the technical health, user experience, and growth strategy for efforts on Square for Restaurants
 Own and drive the technical health, user experience, and growth strategy for efforts on Square for Restaurants
 Drive the tactics and delivery timelines for the work required to drive growth, experience, and health
 Work with our executive leadership team as well as leaders across verticals (Managed Payments, Point of Sale, Caviar, Capital), and organizations (Product, Marketing, Sales, Support, etc.) to grow our active Square for Restaurants user base
 Develop innovative and industry-leading products on desktop and mobile that uniquely serve Square’s customers
 Manage and mentor a team in order to achieve individual and team goals
 Inspire your cross-functional peers and executives in order to build a strong partnership in delivering excellent products and services
 Influence key stakeholders throughout Square in order to align intent, resources, and prioritization
 Qualifications
 You Have
 Experience shaping and driving key strategies that have shaped the investment portfolio of an company or organization
 Experience driving growth initiatives that require deeper data analysis (DAU/MAU/LTV are terms and measurements you are drawn to) as well as working through seams and removing friction
 Strong customer empathy and experience shaping product direction and execution based on customer needs
 Navigated product scale challenges in a high growth environment
 Managed a high performing team that consistently delivers
 Developed industry-leading products that have gained a strong followership and product loyalty
 Served as an evangelist for a product group
 Bachelors degree or equivalent experience 
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
