Senior Tax Manager, Tax Provision and Global Compliance
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 Square, Inc. is seeking a Senior Tax Manager to lead Square’s global income tax provision and compliance process.
 The Senior Tax Manager will report to Square’s Head of Tax and will work closely with finance, accounting, and legal and is responsible for all aspects of the income tax provision on a global basis.
   
 The Senior Tax Manager is also responsible for global income tax compliance and audits, including managing both domestic and international external advisors.
   
 The candidate must also be able to analyze all sides of an argument, have strong analytical skills as well as have the ability to research and write tax technical memos, document tax positions for our auditors, and ensure that the proper checks and balances are in place to ensure all aspects have been considered.
   
 Excellent knowledge of ASC 740 and its practical applicability are required.
 Responsibilities include but are not limited to:
 Ownership of the global income tax provision (ASC 740) including identifying and documenting uncertain tax positions and tax contingencies (FIN 48 and FAS 5) and all related footnotes and disclosures for the financial statements.
 Management of tax related internal controls.
 Manage global income tax compliance.
 Manage global income tax audits.
 Research and document tax positions.
 Support Head of Tax with ensuring Square is compliant with all tax rules.
 Manage relationships with external advisors on a number of various projects.
 Qualifications
 12+ years of experience with corporate income tax provisions (ASC 740) and compliance.
 Big 4 public accounting / public company experience preferred.
 Expert understanding of U.S. tax rules and exposures.
 Strong interpersonal communication, management, and team building skills.
 Strong project management, planning, and organizational skills – including the ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously in a fast paced environment, and bring them to conclusion.
 Exposure to international tax issues.
 Experience with Oracle/Hyperion a plus.
 Ability to manage and train staff.
 Ability to explain complex tax issues in a simple, clear, and concise manner.
 An upbeat attitude; ability to seek out and implement internal or external best practices.
 A level of comfortability to report out on status in real time.
   
 We are a very transparent company with lots of bright and inquisitive minds.
 A creative approach to finding solutions while always ensuring compliance.
 Unquestionable integrity.
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
