Diversity Sourcer (Contract)
 San Francisco, CA, USA
 Contract
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. And make it easier for customers to shop and pay at their favorite businesses. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 Square is actively seeking to hire a Diversity Sourcer to identify and assess underrepresented talent. Sourcers work closely with our Recruiters and Hiring Managers to develop and execute strategies to locate and attract candidates to Square. We encourage practical and creative ways to surface leading talent, and we invest a lot of time activating passive candidates through a highly engaged approach. 
 We’re seeking a highly motivated Diversity Sourcer who understands technology and has a strong ability to build a diverse talent pipeline for both technical and non-technical roles. The ideal candidate will have experience creating effective diversity sourcing programs, a pipeline development strategy, and relationship management experience.
 This role requires that you work in our San Francisco office. It is not a remote position and relocation is not provided.
 You will:
 Work closely with Recruiters, Sourcers, Hiring Managers, and our Inclusion & Diversity Lead to understand technical and non-technical requirements of various roles and teams
 Proactively build underrepresented talent pipelines through referral generation, online sourcing, events, and sourcing campaigns
 Screen resumes and interview candidates
 Consistently maintain and track pipeline activity to share with Hiring Managers and Recruiters
 Recommend creative and results-oriented ideas to cultivate a diverse pipeline
 Qualifications
 You have:
 3+ years sourcing or recruiting experience with an agency or in-house recruiting team, including strong technical sourcing/recruiting experience
 An understanding of the opportunities and challenges in building a diverse talent pool and the tenacity to overcome obstacles and challenges
 Experience with an Applicant Tracking System and other sourcing tools (LI Recruiter, Boolean search, etc.) to maintain candidate pipeline
 The ability to build and maintain a long-term pipeline for hard-to-fill roles
 Developed and maintained various strategies resulting in the engagement of passive technical candidates
 Experience using data and metrics as a means to advise partners and make recommendations
 Technical industry knowledge and general comprehension of relevant technical skills, relevant companies, engineering communities, and other technical resources
 Strong communication and interpersonal skills, a team-oriented approach, and a desire to learn
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
