Software QA Analyst
 San Francisco, CA, USA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 At Square, a QA Analyst will be driving force behind a comprehensive test strategy to complement our test automation. This is a hands-on position. You will schedule and participate in internal testing events, collaborate closely with product feature teams as they develop test plans for new features, and ensure every release happens on time without regressions.
 What you will do:
 Plan, create and execute tests for validating Square’s POS software including end-to-end testing with hardware integration
 Audit and help product teams create functional test plans
 Collaborate with external QA vendors as they execute our test plans. Hold vendors accountable and ensure they have impact
 Perform black box testing and assist in the identification and design of test automation
 Mentor and train other team members in testing processes and tools
 Manage and organize our device test lab
 Qualifications
 You have:
 2+ years as a Software QA Analyst with experience in testing mobile platforms
 A strong sense of urgency and are a proactive self-starter
 Advanced analytical mindset
 Strong scheduling and project management/planning skills
 A proven record of prioritizing and coordinating work across a large number of product teams
 Demonstrate the ability to own a complete functional area of a product for testing by planning, executing and driving issues to resolution 
 Excellent communication skills
 Even Better:
 Experience in testing payment systems
 Some coding and automation expertise is a plus
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
