Engineering Manager, Mobile Developer Experience
 San Francisco, CA, USA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. And make it easier for customers to shop and pay at their favorite businesses. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 Mobile Developer Experience (MDX) is a newly formed team at Square responsible for building and providing all necessary infrastructure and tools to ensure Square’s mobile development can grow at scale.
 Engineering efficiency is particularly important for Square’s ability to continuously ship high quality software, and so we strive to ensure our tools used for development are as streamlined as possible. This is a high-force-multiplier cross-functional team, aiming to enhance the development experience for all mobile developers within Square.
 You will be the founding member of MDX and be responsible for staffing and laying out its roadmap based on our needs and your experience and insights. Your team will own the entire local development stack (build system, build tools) and parts of CI and will improve the development process to allow our engineers to ship as quickly and effortlessly as possible. You’ll be working on both iOS and Android platforms. You’ll be focusing on Square’s Point of Sale applications, but we expect the results of the team’s work to be applicable on other Square applications.
 What will you do:
 Staff the MDX team from scratch by hiring externally or internally.
 Construct a roadmap and quarterly plan for the MDX team.
 Drive strategic decisions on how to shape the mobile developer experience within Square.
 Lead and participate in critical technical discussions with leaders across engineering teams.
 Own the success of your team's projects and deliver quantifiable results in a timely manner.
 Be a liaison for all communication with other relevant teams and identify cross functional needs.
 Qualifications
 You have:
 BA/BS degree or equivalent practical, working experience (5+ years preferred)
 1+ year(s) leading engineering teams. Management preferred, but if you’ve been a technical leader and you’re interested in management, let’s talk!
 Experience developing mobile products, build systems and infrastructure
 Experience collaborating with other engineering leaders and cross functional team members
 Excellent software engineering aptitude and the ability to provide technical mentorship and guidance
 Current or recent hands-on mobile tool chain expertise
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
