Software Engineer, Payments
 Atlanta, GA, USA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all. We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly. We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location. Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 The payments team enables Square to move money. From developing infrastructure to working with external partners, we find the best ways to move money across different networks and countries in a way that is cost-effective, available, scalable, secure, and forward-looking.
 As a software engineer on the Payments team, you will be responsible for designing, building, and maintaining the Payments Platform services and infrastructure that move money for Square. You will be deeply involved in the technical details of building highly available and reliable services, while also working with product teams to enable Square to rapidly build new capabilities for our merchants and buyers all over the world.
 You will:
 Build our Payments Platform, used by the rest of the organization and a key strategic asset of Square
 Design and implement high-volume, low-latency, distributed transaction processing systems, making thoughtful tradeoffs between consistency and availability when both are not possible
 Abstract away the legacy APIs of the financial world into consistent, coherent service APIs for Square’s products to build upon
 Build systems that manage customers’ sensitive data and hold Square to the highest standards for security and compliance
 Work cross-functionally with our product, business, and finance teams to develop Square’s global payments strategy
 See the big picture to design fault tolerant systems so the team can be brave, move fast, and break things, without ever showing a negative impact to customers
 Qualifications
 You have:
 Innate curiosity and a desire to be responsible for all aspects of reliably moving billions of dollars in a small, highly focused team
 Understanding and curiosity in creating highly available, scalable, low-latency, global systems
 Track record of pursuing self directed side projects, research, or open source projects
 Interest in changing the payments landscape in the US and globally
 Technologies we use:
 Java, Ruby, Go
 Guice, Guava, Protocol Buffers, gRPC, Hibernate, jOOQ, Rails
 MySQL, Redis, Kafka, Elasticsearch, Hadoop, Hive, Vertica, Airflow
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
