Software Engineer, Mobile Developer Experience (Android)
 San Francisco, CA, USA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 As an Android engineer on the Mobile Developer Experience team at Square, you will help design and build some of the most important shared mobile code, tooling, and systems into something that makes our mobile developer experience delightful.
 This is a high leverage position – you will collaborate with many teams to build and evolve systems that drive the successful delivery (and improvement!) of all of Square’s mobile Point of Sale products. You will have a high level of autonomy to maneuver throughout the code and systems of Square’s mobile ecosystem, and will be empowered to affect the change you see necessary to serve the greater mobile good.
  
 Here’s what you will be doing:
 Seek to understand and improve the daily routines of mobile engineers operating in Point of Sale.
 Work within the critical underbelly of Square’s most important products.
 Work with mobile engineering teams to determine tooling and systems needs.
 Assess and deploy modern build tools for Square’s Android developers.
 Enhance the productivity of Square’s Android developers.
  
 Here’s what you will NOT be doing:
 Only write tests.
 Act as a permanent firefighter.
 Qualifications
 You have:
 A bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent experience.
 An understanding of Android application environment and the development workflow.
 A keen eye for spotting and seizing opportunities for process automation.
 Working knowledge of continuous integration tools.
 Proficiency in Java
 Even better:
 An understanding of effective code and testing architectures and patterns.
 Knowledge of Android build systems and best practices that create a reliable build environment.
 Experience as an owner of an automated build and/or continuous integration system.
 Proficiency in Kotlin, Ruby, or Python.
 Ability to thrive in a multi-team environment.
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
