Business Systems Lead, Oracle
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 As the Business Systems Lead, Oracle, you will be responsible for managing a high performing team focused on developing and managing key financial systems across Finance and Supply Chain. At Square, our ERP system is tightly integrated with our payments platform providing a unique opportunity to innovate ERP design and scalability. 
 You will:
 Work with teams, peers, and business partners to define, develop, prioritize, and implement strategic plans, initiatives, and/or solutions
 Partner with stakeholders in our Accounting, Fulfillment and Supply Chain departments to create and maintain a roadmap and project schedule, and deliver regular updates to stakeholders
 Serve as business relationship manager and a trusted advisor to business partners across various departments and functions
 Align business goals with applications roadmaps and priorities
 Agree on acceptable SLA’s with the business stakeholders, monitoring, and reporting on those service levels, and escalating when service levels are not met
 Perform administrative and management tasks necessary to maintain application operation, develop reports, and maintain system security and performance
 Manage the team of business systems analysts and developers including full-time personnel and third-party contractors working remotely
 Implement best practices and standards for new system rollouts 
 Work with internal and external auditors , manage IT General Controls and review them quarterly
 Qualifications
  
 7+ years experience in a hands-on role supporting Oracle Financials and be able to drill down to the details is required. 
 Experience in managing Oracle R12 environment
 Strong understanding of Finance and Supply Chain business processes and systems
 Strong acumen of financial systems architecture, requirements, testing and implementation
 Excellent project management skills and ability, especially cross functional
 Proven experience leading an applications or business systems team
 Proven ability to lead cross-functional projects and interact at all levels
 Excellent written and verbal communications skills
 Impeccable customer service and interpersonal skills
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 Videos To Watch
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
