Lead, Square Capital Counsel
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 You are a seasoned, experienced attorney with expertise in lending laws and regulations
  who 
 will help bring Square Capital’s innovative financial products and services to market. As the lead of the legal team that supports Square Capital, you 
 will be responsible for providing strategic, tactical, and working level legal counsel to identify and mitigate legal risks in all phases of product development. You must have the ability to operate in a fast-paced and growing environment, work proactively with various teams, and drive risk-weighted decisions to closure. This role reports to the General Counsel of Square.
 You will:
 Advise Square Capital leadership around applicable lending, licensing, registration and consumer protection regulatory requirements to inform strategic decision making for Capital products and services
 Provide practical, risk-weighted legal guidance on a wide range of state and federal legal matters related to lending and financial services through all phases of product development
 Manage a team of 4+ attorneys and non-attorneys supporting Square Capital
 Remain up-to-date on relevant regulations
 Provide ideas, insights and thought leadership into how Square Capital can work within the law to create amazing product experiences for its customers
 Partner with the broader legal team to share information about lending regulatory, product and business developments to facilitate efficient and transparent legal support across the department
 Qualifications
 You have:
 15-20 years of combined, relevant law firm or in-house experience, preferably in banking and fintech 
 Demonstrated application of financial services regulations, such as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA), Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), Truth in Lending Act (TILA)/Regulation Z, Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (SCRA), Equal Credit Opportunity Act (ECOA)/Regulation B, Electronic Fund Transfer Act (EFTA)/Regulation E, Bank Secrecy Act (BSA), as well as state and federal laws relating to usury, debt collection, loan brokers, and lending licensing requirements
 Ability to manage, motivate, and develop a team
 Excellent interpersonal, communication and influencing skills 
 Experience working and building trust with leadership
 Expertise launching products and advising on the legal, regulatory, and investment management aspects of product development
 Ability to effectively organize, prioritize, and manage projects
 Ability and desire to thrive and innovate in a fast-paced, dynamic environment
 Sound and practical business judgment, intellectual creativity, and problem-solving skills
 High level of personal integrity and proven dedication to excellence
 A JD and active membership in at least one state bar
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
