Software Engineer (Backend/Rails) - Web Presence
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 At Square, our hardware and software powers critical interactions between our merchants and their customers. The Square Shop team is responsible for building websites and platforms that help get our products into the hands of our merchants. It’s a hugely impactful role, since the experience in helping new merchants find the right hardware and peripherals to power their business is one of the first interactions with Square.
 Qualifications
 You will:
 Work across product teams to develop our e-commerce websites and fulfillment systems
 Write code to help new and existing merchants find the right hardware and peripherals to power their business
 Integrate with 3rd party systems and services with large scale internally built applications
 You have:
 BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience
 Experience developing online product infrastructure and web services
 Experience developing server-side code
 Technologies we use and teach:
 Ruby, JRuby, Rails
 Java, Jetty, protobufs, JSON
 MySQL, Redis, HBase, Hadoop, and Kafka
 JavaScript, jQuery, Ember.js, Sass, and CoffeeScript
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
