Finance & Strategy Analyst, Product
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 Finance & Strategy is responsible for improving strategic, financial and operational decision-making across the company. Our team’s core value is trust – we build it by making what is complex simple, and with analysis that is accurate and easy-to-understand. Business partners appreciate our insight and trust us to help them solve difficult problems across the company. At Square we believe that good ideas can come from anywhere, and we’ll trust you to collaborate with others, form intelligent opinions, and present your thoughts to decision-makers and the executive team.
 We are looking for an experienced analyst who will work as a member of Square’s Product Finance & Strategy team with a focus on our Hardware business.  This analyst will play an integral part in Square’s success by working directly with Square’s Hardware product leaders, leading financial planning and business forecasting, and driving strategic analysis around key business initiatives.
 The Hardware team designs, builds, and delivers the tangible connection to Square to help our customers understand and engage with our products wherever they are, wherever their business takes them. We started by making the Square Reader; the simple and universal way to connect a billion credit cards to the smartphones in everyone’s pockets. Then, we extended this idea to our brick and mortar merchants with Square Stand, a point-of-sale solution built on Square Register.
 You Will:
 Apply an analytical approach to support strategic decisions, with a focus on capital allocation, user behavior analysis, LTV / ROI, pricing, and deal negotiation support
 Distill data using SQL and create analyses that facilitates clear and timely decision making; improve visibility and usability of our existing data and use the data to create and monitor performance goals
 Prepare analysis and support communication to product leaders, board members and executive staff
 Build and maintain operating and financial models, and lead the financial planning process for responsible product areas
 Qualifications
 You have:
 A Bachelor’s Degree in Finance, Business, Economics, or other relevant field
 2 to 4 years of relevant industry experience with financial modeling (e.g. investment banking, private equity, corporate finance, consulting)
 Excellent proficiency in Excel (you should be prepared for a case study)
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills
 Consistent track record of success and career progression
 Exceptional judgement and maturity, including an ability to execute independently and work with team members of all levels
 Basic understanding of the payments industry and a commitment to Square’s mission
  
 Even better:
 Experience with SQL
 Experience with data visualization tools (Looker, Tableau)
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
