Restaurant Account Executive (contract)
 Seattle, WA, USA
 Contract
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all. We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly. We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, and helping the ice cream shop pay its employees. And, with Square Developer Platform we are allowing external developers to build solutions on top of Square so that we can serve the needs of every seller. Whether they are a small shop or a large retailers, we can help them run their business more efficiently. At the same time, we can provide developers with tools they need to quickly turn their ideas into reality and be a part of the growth and success of our developers and sellers.
  
 Job Description
 The Restaurant Account Executive is an opportunity to leverage your sales skills and abilities in order to expand the number of crave-worthy restaurants that work with Caviar. Who are we looking for? Someone who's a natural at selling and wants to uncover the best fit restaurants and eateries on the Eastside. Someone who can enthusiastically talk about food, why Caviar is a great service for restaurants, and negotiate a favorable and fair price. 
 Your primary focus will be bringing on new restaurant partners that fit our strict partnership criteria. The role will require strong inside sales, emailing, cold calling, with opportunities for outside sales and face-to-face meetings. If you are hungry to join a fast-paced, rapidly growing company at the forefront of on-demand food delivery, please get in touch.
 You will:
 Partner with and smoothly onboard the best restaurants in the greater Seattle area
 Achieve and consistently exceed quarterly sales goals
 Act as an outward-facing ambassador of Caviar’s beliefs, brand, and product
 Communicate constantly with prospects via email, phone, and face-to-face meetings
 Learn fast and be a team player on a small and fast paced sales team.
 Qualifications
 You have:
 A passion to succeed and outperform goals. 
 1+ years of experience in sales, account management, or a similar customer-facing role
 A BA/BS degree
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills
 Proven ability to multi-task, manage multiple projects, and follow through while paying strict attention to detail
 Familiarity with professional software and relationship management tools, e.g. Google Docs, Salesforce, Docusign, etc.
 The ability to garner support from internal experts and external partners to position Caviar against competition
 Coachability, interest in implementing feedback, and dedication to the consistent improvement of your craft
 Genuine curiosity about people and business, and possess the innate ability to inspire passion in others
 The ability to adapt to new situations quickly and think on your feet
 An assertive, resilient and persuasive personality with an infectiously positive attitude and drive to win
 Hustle and determination
 Restaurant industry or hospitality experience is a plus
 Additional Information
 No agencies please!
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
