Software Engineer, Billing
 Atlanta, GA, USA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all. We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly. We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location. Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 Square’s Billing team is a full-stack team creating technology so our merchants can bill quickly and accurately.  We are developing new systems to offer sophisticated pricing and tax models to merchants of all types and scales in countries around the world.  We are responsible for internal services, integrations with Square’s payment technology, and customer facing features on both mobile and web.  We’re building a platform that is modular, highly available, scalable, secure and forward-looking.
 We are looking for talented individuals to design and build infrastructure that is used by millions of merchants around the world to run core aspects of their business. If you are able to think modularly, have a passion for APIs, want to create beautiful tools to make lives better, or want to be deeply involved in building highly available services in a microservice ecosystem, the Billing team may be for you.
 You will:
 Build our Billing Platform, a key strategic asset of Square that handles pricing, taxes, and billing for millions of merchants
 Design and implement high-volume, low-latency, distributed systems, making thoughtful tradeoffs between consistency and availability when both are not possible
 Build delightful user-facing applications that combine intuitive interfaces with rock-solid reliability
 Build a platform with consistent, coherent service APIs for internal and external customers
 Build systems that manage sensitive customer data while holding Square to the highest standards for security and compliance
 See the big picture to design fault tolerant systems so the team can be brave, move fast, and break things, without ever showing a negative impact to customers
 Empower millions of small merchants to focus on their businesses and not their business technology
 Qualifications
 You have:
 Innate curiosity and a desire to be responsible for all aspects of reliably moving millions of dollars in a small, highly focused team
 Understanding and curiosity in creating highly available, scalable, low-latency, global systems
 Track record of pursuing self directed side projects, research, or open source projects
 Technologies we use:
 Android, iOS, and Ember frontend development
 Java and Ruby backend development
 MySQL and Redis data storage
 Protocol Buffers, Guice, jOOQ, Rails.
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
