Business Recruiter
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 People are the lifeblood of any company and as a Recruiter at Square, you’ll be charged with identifying uniquely talented, amazing individuals to drive us forward. You will design and execute strategies to engage the world’s best through a number of channels (social and professional networks, start-up and entrepreneurial communities, etc.) and any other creative methods you can conceive. Throughout the entire process, you will provide an unparalleled experience, while serving as an advisor to candidates and internal partners alike.
 We are looking for a highly-motivated recruiter to join our team! 
 You will:
 Build relationships and collaborate with senior management and hiring managers to understand hiring needs and team goals
 Manage the full cycle recruitment process, ensuring a smooth and positive candidate experience
 Partner with the broader recruiting team to build efficient and scalable recruiting processes
 Source active and passive candidates from a variety of sources and communities: online and internal databases, employee referrals, events, networking and research
 Qualifications
 You have:
 A Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent work experience
 At least 2 years of technical recruiting/sourcing experience in a startup or agency environment
 A passion for building effective, cohesive teams
 The proven ability to navigate ambiguity and solve challenging problems
 The desire to improve as a recruiter and strategic business partner
 A positive, team-oriented approach to your work
 Superior communication skills
 Even better:
 Experience recruiting for a variety of technical roles (e.g. Product Managers, Data Scientists, Network Engineers, etc.)
 Experience building recruiting processes
 An elite professional network ready to follow wherever you go!
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 Videos To Watch
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
