iOS Engineer, Retail
 New York, NY
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 Being a retailer is all about information. What merchandise has the best return on investment? Which employees are great at closing a sale? Which customers would make another purchase, if only they knew about my latest product line? Do I have this in my customer's favorite color at my store across town?
 Square for Retail is Square's all-in-one answer to these questions. By combining an optimized Point of Sale, advanced inventory tools, and customer and employee management into one integrated product, we are building the best way to run a retail business. Our team is focused on building impactful software for retailers, by measuring what works, changing what doesn’t, and building new features where necessary. We are tactical in adding new functionality where we need it, but work closely with other teams to embrace and extend Square's underlying platform. Based in New York City, we benefit from the resources of the larger Square organization and have the space to focus and innovate.
 Why is this position important?
 As a senior iOS engineer for the Retail team, you’ll be at the forefront of developing Point of Sale app features, often leveraging technologies unique to the iOS platform. Speed, accuracy and efficiency are core to a magical Retail app experience, so we are committed to providing new and useful features with performance, integrity and reliability as core values.
 Qualifications
 You will:
 Build and test client software with complex server, network and hardware interactions;
 Craft pixel-perfect, intuitive UI that delights our sellers with its ease of use;
 Work with a world-class team of experienced and dedicated engineers and designers;
 Deliver features to our growing base of subscribers, shipped at a rapid cadence;
 Be a part of creating an innovative product that brings superpowers to sellers.
 You have:
 5-10 years of software development experience, with several years focusing on iOS
 An academic attitude towards software development practices
 Unwavering commitment to customer experience and product quality
 Eagerness to share your own ideas, and openness to those of others
 A record of self-directed side projects, research, or open source contributions are a plus!
 Technologies we use and teach:
 Swift, Objective-C, iOS SDK
 Protocol buffers, JavaScript, networking technologies
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
