Product Manager, Square Cash
 San Francisco, CA, USA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 As Square Cash expands to meet the needs of a broader base of consumers, we’re focused on going deep to rethink every single element of the consumer card experience. The Cash Card is the first step in that evolution. The Cash Card is a debit card that Square Cash customers can use to spend their balances. You will own the Cash Card product from end to end, including but not limited to infrastructure, R&D, materials strategy, fulfillment process, vendor & partner management, cost and speed optimization, card activation, pricing and more. These efforts translate to increased greater customer satisfaction, higher activation rates and increased engagement and spending volume from customers. To accomplish this you will work with our executive leadership team and business leaders to hone and deliver on this explicit investment strategy. If you're looking to impact the growth and direction of a company, you will find this role compelling, challenging, and rewarding.
  
 You Will:
 Own and drive the strategy for the Cash Card
 Drive the tactics and delivery timelines for the work required to drive growth
 Develop innovative and industry leading products that uniquely serve Square’s customers and differentiate our products from competitors
 Inspire your cross-functional peers in order to build a strong partnership in delivering excellent products and services
 Influence key stakeholders throughout Square in order to align resources and prioritization
 Qualifications
 You Have
 8+ years of product management or equivalent experience
 Experience managing and integrating a diversity of partners and processes into a cohesive product
 Experience developing and automating new processes
 Experience driving growth initiatives that require deeper data analysis (DAU/MAU/LTV are terms and measurements you are drawn to) as well as working through seams and removing friction
 Strong customer empathy and experience shaping product direction and execution based on customer needs
 Navigated product scale challenges in a high growth environment
 Managed a high performing team that consistently delivers
 Developed industry leading products that have gained a strong followership and product loyalty
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
