SOX Compliance Manager
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 Square is seeking an execution-oriented and strong team player who is capable of working across the organization and managing our 
 Sarbanes-Oxley SOX) requirements.   
 The ideal candidate possesses fin-tech experience, with a focus on end-to-end SOX Compliance. The candidate must have a firm grasp of technical accounting and SOX methodologies (controls design, risk assessment, testing strategies, etc.) and must have knowledge of process flow mapping, design and documentation of controls, controls testing, evaluation of control deficiencies and remediation plans. 
 Additionally, the candidate must have the ability to effectively manage Internal Audit’s external partners (external auditors, outsourcing partners, control owners) who assist us with SOX testing, demonstrate proficient project management skills, superior communication (written and oral) and organizational skills. 
 Responsibilities Include but are not limited to:
 Manage and perform SOX testing and ensure testing results are appropriately documented and communicated, including detail review of outsourcing partner’s execution of SOX procedures
 Plan, implement, coordinate, and execute all phases of SOX compliance, (to include leading walkthroughs and identifying/validating key controls, developing test procedures, executing and documenting testing, and reporting results to Management internal and external audit)
 Update documentation including process flowcharts, process narratives, risk and controls matrix and evaluate controls as new systems are developed and/or process changes
 Ensure clear, concise, actionable and practical observations and recommendations, with a well-documented process for communication and clearance
 As SOX Compliance Manager, you will be responsible for PMO responsibilities including overseeing our outsourcing partner’s engagement economics, and resource requirements at each testing phase
 Coordinate with internal and external auditors on the annual SOX testing plan and provide support to them to ensure timely and smooth completion of SOX projects
 Qualifications
 A BA/BS degree in Accounting, Finance or related field required
 A minimum 5+ years of experience in a senior internal audit role; Experience with similar internal audit roles in large organizations or with Big 4 audit firms highly preferred
 An appropriate certification in accounting and/or auditing is strongly preferred, including a CPA, CA and/or CIA
 Demonstrated experience, skills and knowledge with IIA Professional Practices and Standards
 Strong knowledge of US GAAP, COSO, PCAOB Auditing Standards, Sarbanes-Oxley, risk and controls standards and business process best practices
 Excellent communication, collaboration and presentation skills
 A maintained knowledge base of audit industry practices and to ensure best practices are always considered
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
