Engineering Program Coordinator
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 Square is looking for an organized and resourceful individual to assist the Hardware Engineering team with NPI Build Management.
 The Hardware team is a fast growing, results oriented team. The Engineering Program  Coordinator must be able to handle rapid changes, prioritize, and track the details. A successful candidate must be a driven organizer able to work cross-functionally with internal and external teams to manage the risks associated with development manufacturing builds.
 You Will:
 Drive local Quick Turn board builds for on-time delivery: manage suppliers to meet schedule requirements, create POs, coordinate build and materials logistics, and maintain build tracker for cross-functional visibility
 Collaborate with GSM/CM to support securing Square consigned material for development builds. Work with GSM on vendor management and maintaining schedules for the delivery of vendor components (DRP report)
 Create Purchase Requisitions, maintain invoice tracking and Goods Receipts
 Comprehend complex hardware configurations, build matrices, and allocation requirements
 Create, manage and process NPI Engineering Change Orders, Request and Deviations 
 Create BOM's (Bills of Materials) and part numbers. Archive technical documentation per Square’s defined process
 Assist and collaborate with PLM Administrator on HW procedures, with a heavy focus on  NPI documentation 
 Create and maintain unit tracker and travel matrix 
 Ship, track, receive, and distribute prototype units
 Work on multiple projects simultaneously
 Qualifications
 You Have:
 Proficiency with and extensive prior use of PLM systems (Agile, Arena, etc.)
 Must have good experience creating complex BOM structures (preferably for hardware products) and have strong comprehension of configuration and lifecycle management principles and practices
 Combination of organizational and detail-oriented skills when working on multiple projects
 Excellent communication skills (written and verbal), interpersonal and collaboration skills
 Proficiency in MS Excel
 Ability to work in a fast-paced environment 
 Experience working with overseas vendors
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
