Customer Support Representative
 St. Louis, MO
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We started with a simple idea—that everyone should be able to accept credit cards—and we’ve been rethinking buying and selling ever since.
 For sellers, we’re creating one cohesive service to run your entire business, from a register in your pocket to analytics on your laptop. For buyers, we’re making it faster to order from the businesses you love and more fun to pay your friends back.
 Buying and selling sound like simple things—and they should be. Somewhere along the way, they got complicated. We’re working hard to make commerce easy for everyone.
 Job Description
 Squares know that great customer support is provided by both people and products. We are seeking a highly motivated and resourceful individual who is dedicated to providing world-class support by exceeding expectations through each interaction with Square merchants and customers. They will use their proximity to customers to identify issues that will continually improve the customer experience. The ideal candidate is a fiercely loyal advocate for our customers, a creative problem-solver, and a collaborative team member. This person is energized by working with people, while still being a strong independent worker.
 You will:
 Effectively solve customer inquiries via phone, email, and Twitter using a CRM tool
 Hold a high bar for Support when owning customer interactions
 Identify, document and follow up with engineers on product bugs and features
 Advocate for customers by identifying trends in issues and suggesting improvements to processes, policies and products
 Recognize errors and draft improvements to content in the external Support Center and internal documentation
 Collaborate with members of other teams to root out answers and be a resource to teammates
 Qualifications
 You have:
 A degree from a 4 year university
 Genuine curiosity about people and business, while possessing the ability to inspire passion in others
 Experience in direct customer or client-facing roles
 Interest in implementing feedback and dedicated to the improvement of your skills and work
 Strong organizational, analytical, written and verbal communication skills
 Superb attention to detail
 The ability to quickly adapt to new situations and think on your feet
 Excellent time-management skills
 A desire to help people and improve the customer experience
 A passion for Square and customers engaging with Square products
 Willingness to work flexible hours as part of a rotating schedule, which includes a mix of weekends, mornings, evenings, overnight, and holidays as needed. Day shifts entail working 5 days per week and begin between 6:00am CST - 12:15pm CST.
 *Cover letter required. Please indicate your career goals and how Support fits into your career road map.
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 Posted by
 Jessica Bratton
 share this job
 Powered by
