Data Scientist, Commerce Platform
 Atlanta, GA, USA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all. We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly. We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location. Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 As a Data Scientist at Square, you will lead projects that derive value from our unique, rich, and rapidly growing data. We’re a passionate team of hackers, statisticians, and optimizers who are resourceful in distilling questions, wrangling data, and driving decisions. 
 As a Data Scientist in the Commerce Platform team you will apply your modeling and engineering skills to a variety of challenging, high-impact projects in areas such as authentication and authorization, catalog and inventory management, orders and billing, and analytics and reporting.
 You will: 
 Drive cross-functional ML projects from beginning to end: build relationships with partner teams, frame and structure questions, develop data pipelines, train and optimize ML models, and deploy solutions in production.
 Work with engineers to evangelize data best practices and implement ML solutions.
 Collaborate with business leaders, subject matter experts, and decision makers to identify automation opportunities.
 Develop success criteria and optimize new and existing products, features, policies, and models.
 Communicate key results to senior management in verbal, visual, and written media.
 Help build an amazing suite of ML-driven products at Square
 Qualifications
 An advanced degree (M.S., PhD.), preferably in Statistics, Computer Science, Physical Sciences, Economics, or a related technical field
 A consistent track record of performing data analysis using Python (numpy, pandas, scikit-learn, etc.) and SQL
 Experience using statistics and machine learning to solve complex business problems
 The versatility and willingness to learn new technologies on the job
 The ability to clearly communicate complex results to technical and non-technical audiences
 Even Better:
 2+ years industry experience in data science, machine learning, or analytics
 Familiarity with other data tools such as Hive, Vertica, Tableau, Ruby
 Familiarity with Linux/OS X command line, version control software (git), and general software development
 Technologies we use and teach:
 Python (numpy, pandas, sklearn) & R
 MySQL, Vertica, Hive, Redshift
 Machine Learning (e.g. regression, ensemble methods, etc.)
 Statistics (Bayesian methods, experimental design, causal inference)
 Tableau, Looker
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
