Software Engineer, Cloud Infrastructure
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 As a software engineer on the Cloud Infrastructure team you’ll be part of a small, agile team that enables the use of cloud-based technologies by Square in a secure, cost-effective and regulation-compliant manner. You will architect 
 new pathways to the cloud for data and services
  that aim to be minimally constraining to our product engineers and provide fast, unencumbered means to using cloud-based technologies to anyone at Square.
 You should feel at home working in and around the Google Cloud Platform and have a good understanding of how to construct data delivery and software release pipelines that scale in a nearly limitless cloud environment. You should have a good understanding of defense-in-depth approaches to software system design and understand how to deliver cloud-based solutions that can protect our customers and their data. You love building new systems as much as you love adapting existing technologies to solve new problems in novel ways.
 You Will:
 Communicate with engineering teams to assess and document their cloud-related needs through in-person conversations and written, technical designs and documentation.
 Design and develop software that bridges Square data and service systems to the cloud.
 Provide expert design consultation to Square teams interested in utilizing cloud technologies in their engineered solutions to product problems.
 Provide mentorship and review support for engineering teams working with our technologies.
 Contribute to monitoring, stability, and security of existing tools.
 Participate in a team on-call rotation.
 Qualifications
 You Have:
 Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent practical experience.
 At least 2 years software engineering experience.
 Familiarity with the any of the following programming languages: Ruby, Go, Python or Java.
 Familiarity with at least one cloud-based, infrastructure-as-a-service provider such as Amazon Web Services or Google Cloud Platform.
 Familiarity with large scale data ingestion into BigQuery or Redshift.
 Familiarity managing large-scale cloud services and data pipelines on Google Cloud Platform or Amazon Web Services.
 Growth Opportunities:
 Develop systems that enable the delivery of petabyte scale data to Google Cloud Platform.
 Help define the future of data systems for data science and machine learning services at Square.
 Design the software-first approach to scaling and securing Square services in the cloud.
 Act as a strength multiplier for software deployment and scale-up efforts by product engineering teams attempting to use cloud-based technologies in their engineered solutions.
 Build strong verbal and written technical communication skills.
 Contribute to open source software projects.
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
