Account Executive
 San Francisco, CA, USA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. And make it easier for customers to shop and pay at their favorite businesses. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 Our fast-paced Business Team has an infectiously positive attitude and commitment to win. We are looking for Account Executives for our SMB Sales Team. Your entrepreneurial spirit and passion for problem-solving help you find opportunities for Square to help merchants grow. Your extraordinary communication skills help you connect with customers by email and phone - quickly establishing trust and rapport.
 You will:
 Achieve and consistently exceed monthly sales goals
 Lead in developing and circulating the set of best practices which are the foundation of this growing team
 Listen to the needs of the market and share with Product and Marketing teams
 Implement creative ways to improve our customer relationships, tailor and share performance-enhancing suggestions
 Act as an outward-facing ambassador of Square’s beliefs, brand, and products
 Communicate constantly with prospects via phone & email (80% of time)
 Qualifications
 You have:
 Consistent overachievement of quota 
 1 to 3 years of experience in sales, account management, or similar client-facing role
 Previous experience and/or strong interest in outbound sales and prospecting
 A BA/BS degree
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills
 Shown ability to multi-task and run multiple projects while paying strict attention to detail
 Demonstrated high performance in a leadership role
 Good listening skills
 An assertive, resilient and persuasive personality
 An analytical, structured thought process with the ability to assess business opportunities and read prospective buyers
 The ability to garner support from internal experts and external partners to position Square against competition
 Genuine curiosity about people and business, and possess the innate ability to inspire passion in others
 Coachability, interest in implementing feedback, and dedication to the consistent improvement of your craft
 The ability to adapt to new situations quickly and think on your feet
 Hustle and determination
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 Posted by
 Derek Kokich
 share this job
 Powered by
