Finance & Strategy Analyst, Marketing
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 Finance & Strategy is responsible for improving strategic and financial decision-making across the company. We maintain the company’s operating model, analyze deals and capital allocation decisions, and think a lot about strategy.
 Our team’s core value is trust – we build it by making what is complex simple, and we do it with elegant models that are both accurate and easy-to-understand. Business partners appreciate our insight and trust us to help them solve difficult problems. At Square we believe that good ideas can come from anywhere, and we’ll trust you to collaborate with others, form intelligent opinions, and present your thoughts to decision-makers and the executive team.
 Qualifications
 Act as a Finance Business Partner (FBP) for the Marketing team and Partnerships team
 Support strategic decision making, which will include analytics initiatives such as financial modeling, go-to-market (GTM) strategy formulation, competitive analysis, channel performance measurement and partnership negotiations 
 Actively mine data from our SQL databases and use it to predict short-term and long-term trends for making strategic decisions
 Partner with Marketing team through lifecycle of merchant acquisition strategies by quantifying success metrics, securing company resources and analyzing program returns
 Develop KPI frameworks to track team-specific and company-wide performance 
 Analyze deal terms with strategic partners, advise on in-process negotiations, and propose creative solutions to reach a goal or maximize an outcome
 Build trust through numerically-driven insights and analysis
 You have:
 A Bachelor’s Degree in Finance, Accounting, Economics, or other relevant field 
 2 to 4 years of relevant industry experience with financial modeling, valuation, and accounting (e.g. investment banking, private equity, corporate finance)
 Excellent proficiency in Excel (you should be prepared for a modeling interview)
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills
 Consistent track record of success and career progression
 Basic understanding of the payments industry
 A strong passion for Square’s mission
 Even better:
 Experience with SQL is a plus
 Experience with Keynote is a plus
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
