Recruiting Coordinator (Contract)
 San Francisco, CA
 Contract
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 We are looking for an organized recruiting coordinator to support our team of recruiters. In this role you will serve as a Square ambassador and ensure that every candidate has the best possible experience.
 You will:
 Manage scheduling for interviews and communicate all interview logistics with candidates and interview teams
 Use your personality and creativity to ensure each candidate has a unique and enjoyable experience at Square
 Collaborate with other team members to improve and streamline the process
 Manage special projects and improve upon existing programs
 Qualifications
 You have:
 Exceptional verbal and written communication skills
 Ability to organize and manage competing priorities
 Demonstrated experience in taking client service to a new level
 Proven to be a strong and friendly team player that loves to brainstorm new ideas and put them into action
 Desire to build the Square team and expand the knowledge of recruiting
 You embrace change with a great attitude and feel comfortable with ambiguity.
 Self-driven. You have superior organizational skills, integrity and great follow through on tasks. You don't get overwhelmed easily... hundreds of candidates each month? No prob!
 Even better:
 Previous recruiter coordinator and ATS (applicant tracking system) experience.
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. 
 No Agencies please.
 Videos To Watch
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
