iOS Engineer, Cash
 Austin, TX
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all. We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly. We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location. Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 Square Cash makes it quick and easy to send or request money for free, and is one of the most popular apps on the App Store. The service is growing rapidly, and the iOS engineering team is growing with it! We’ve added exciting features in the past year: Siri and iMessage integration were featured onstage as part of the iOS 10 launch, the virtual card enabled spending your cash online, and Apple Pay made it possible—for the first time anywhere—to take cash you’ve received electronically and spend it out in the real world. We have big plans for the future and think 2018 will make 2017 look boring by comparison!
 Why this position is important:
 As part of the iOS engineering team for Cash, you’ll be at the forefront of developing new user-facing features, often leveraging technologies unique to the iPhone platform. This is no toy app: we are handling people’s hard-earned money, and are committed to providing new and useful features with integrity and reliability as core values.
 You will:
 Learn to build and test client software with complex and nuanced server interactions;
 Learn to craft gorgeous, pixel-perfect UI and animations;
 Work with a world-class team of experienced and dedicated engineers and designers;
 Deliver features to millions of customers, shipping at a fast and exciting cadence;
 Be a part of creating a product that aims to make real people’s financial lives easier.
 Qualifications
 You have:
 5-10 years relevant experience, with excellent command of engineering fundamentals
 An academic attitude towards software development practices
 Unwavering commitment to customer experience and product quality
 Eagerness to share your own ideas, and openness to those of others
 A record of self-directed side projects, research, or open source contributions are a plus!
 Languages and technologies we use and teach:
 Swift, Objective-C, iOS SDK
 Protocol buffers, JavaScript, networking technologies
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
