Product Counsel
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 As Product Counsel, you’ll have a broad range of responsibilities providing legal guidance on product development initiatives. You will partner with our innovators to develop new technologies while managing legal risk and ensuring regulatory compliance. You will also be called upon to manage and negotiate complex commercial relationships that contribute to our products’ success. As we expand our offerings, your ideas and contributions will make an immediate impact.
 You Will:
 Provide guidance to product and engineering teams:
 on issues related to new and existing products and features throughout the entire product development lifecycle
 for product launches and feature roll-outs in international markets
 Draft and negotiate commercial and intellectual property agreements affecting the company’s products and services
 Remain up-to-date on relevant industry, consumer protection, advertising, IP, and privacy laws and regulations to ensure an ongoing ability to provide sound compliance advice
 Draft terms of use, product policies, and disclosures, and implement related processes
 Manage outside counsel and local counsel in international jurisdictions for subject matter expertise concerning issues related to your products
 Liaise with internal cross-functional teams including tax, payments, information security, treasury, and finance to ensure a cohesive approach to international and domestic product launches.
 Provide ideas and insights into how the company can work within the law to create amazing product experiences for its customers
 Qualifications
 You Have:
 6+ years of combined, relevant experience in law firms, governmental agencies, and/or in-house legal departments
 Familiarity with launching products and advising on the legal and regulatory aspects of product development in the technology space
 Experience with launching products in international markets a plus
 Excellent commercial negotiation and drafting skills
 Fluency in translating legal advice into actionable guidance for innovative product and business teams
 Ability to organize, prioritize, and manage projects effectively
 Sound and practical business judgment, intellectual creativity, and problem-solving skills
 A JD and active membership in at least one state bar
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
