Product Manager, Point of Sale
 San Francisco, CA, USA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all. We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly. We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location. Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 The Point of Sale team is responsible for building and maintaining the iOS and Android apps that enable Square Sellers to accept payments and run their businesses. We are also responsible for onboarding across devices (including desktop). As a Product Manager for Square Point of Sale, you will be responsible for driving product initiatives from inception through execution. In this role you will collaborate closely with designers, engineers, analysts, and other cross-functional team members within the organization to ensure that our products delight our sellers and grow with them as their businesses expand. 
 You will:
 Develop seller empathy to better plan and build products to meet their needs
 Create and maintain team’s roadmap and milestones with strategic priorities in mind
 Define features, write product specs, facilitate user studies, iterate on feedback, help write test plans, manage the backlog, and ultimately ship in a timely manner
 Collaborate with engineering, design, and QA to foster strong team dynamics
 Ensure your team is prioritizing appropriately and synthesize trade-offs that must be made
 Represent the team in communication with cross functional teams
 Perform market research and analysis
 Qualifications
 You have:
 Experience shipping and iterating on successful products with cross functional teams
 Demonstrated leadership, and the ability to work well with designers and engineers
 An analytical and metrics driven work style
 Excellent interpersonal, communication, organization and prioritization skills
 Prior experience at a consumer internet company, ideally in mobile. Payments experience is a plus
 7+ years of product management experience or equivalent
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 Posted by
 Nathan Rhodes
 share this job
 Powered by
