Culinary Operations Manager
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We started with a simple idea—that everyone should be able to accept credit and debit cards—and we’ve been rethinking buying and selling ever since. For sellers, we’re creating one cohesive service to run your entire business, from a register in your pocket to analytics on your laptop. For buyers, we’re making it faster to order from the businesses you love and more fun to pay your friends back. Buying and selling sound like simple things—and they should be. Somewhere along the way, they got complicated. We’re working hard to make commerce easy for everyone.
 Square is seeking a passionate, creative, and experienced leader to help manage our global culinary program. As part of the Culinary Operations Team, you will be responsible for managing operations and driving key initiatives with the intent to engage our employees and connect us with our local community of sellers. You will bring a sense of passion and creativity to the work and will seek innovative ways to deliver service and experiences across all of our office locations. Additionally, you’ll oversee a number of external partners to ensure best in class service and operational execution.
 Job Description
 Responsibilities:
 Manage day-to-day culinary operations across our global portfolio working closely with the Square Culinary team and the Global Culinary Lead
 Manage a fiscally responsible program using strategic programming and creative directives
 Conduct periodic procurement reviews to optimize program investment
 Effectively oversee a number of external vendor partners globally
 Participate in quarterly business reviews with global vendors
 Work closely with the Global Operations Lead to develop strategic goals and initiatives
 Qualifications
 Requirements:
 10+ years of industry experience with demonstrated knowledge in the corporate dining, restaurant, and/or hospitality industries
 Experience working in large or high growth organizations (tech sector preferred)
 Experience managing large and complex budgets
 Excellent communication skills both written and verbal, strong presentation skills and a demonstrated level of comfort reporting directly to senior management
 Demonstrated experience effectively managing vendors and external business partners
 Proven ability to both lead teams and effectively collaborate with internal business partners
 Thrive in a fast-paced environment with competing priorities
 Moderate travel required
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
