Global Mobility Manager
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 Square is looking for a talented and experienced Global Mobility manager to support over 1800 Squares (and growing!) across the United States, Canada, Japan, Australia, UK, and Ireland. As a member of the People team, you’ll be responsible for driving initiatives across our organization.  
 Please apply ONLY if you have experience with mobility function in large companies, or taking start-ups to large company mode + experience with global mobility tax, glomo compliance PLUS immigration and relocation strategy expertise.
 We are looking for a dynamic Global Mobility Manager with tax and compliance expertise, who will help support our rapid growth in mobility and other benefits prog
 ram initiatives. This role will own glomo tax and compliance program, along with other mobility strategic developmental initiatives coordinating with payroll, equity, tax, etc. You are organized, detail-oriented, know when to be flexible, and anticipate what needs to be done.
 Responsibilities
 Own global mobility tax compliance and employee tax experience (tax briefing, income tax, secondment agreement, mobility payroll, tax equalization, year-end reporting, etc.)
 Provide leadership to assist international assignees through the planning, developing, and/or managing of some or all of the following: tax preparation and equalization, visa and green card coordination, benefits coordination, and housing
 Identify and support new and existing technology platforms in the preparation of assignment packages and orientation for potential assignees
 Partner with Finance colleagues on mobility tax and HR operation compliance audit projects to meet requirements, deadlines, and develop compliant programs/processes
 Provide leadership and direction to professional level staff to manage the organization’s policies and procedures associated with domestic and international assignments
 Present Global Mobility strategy plans and proposals to executive stakeholders within the organization, acting as key influencer for this area of the business
 You will manage vendor relationships to ensure compliance and delivery of services to aiming-higher standards
 Support development and ongoing administration of Global Assignment Policies (long-term, short-term, commuter, localization)
 Qualifications
 BA/BS degree in accounting, tax, finance, business, or related fields
 8+ years of global mobility tax experience in corporate environment (
 Global Mobility: Immigration and Relocation, International a must)
 Able to liaise with and influence key stakeholders and senior leadership
 Proficiency in MS office (especially Excel) and Gmail
 Strong oral and written communication skills
 Attention to detail and focus on accuracy
 Excellent team player with collaborative approach and strong customer service skills
 Ability to work in a dynamic, rapidly changing environment by prioritization
 Comfort with ambiguity and ability to use sound judgement to drive complex issues to resolution and influence others to achieve results
 CPA or IRS Enrolled Agent Certificate (preferred)
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 Videos To Watch
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
