Technical Sourcer (Contract)
 San Francisco, CA
 Contract
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. And make it easier for customers to shop and pay at their favorite businesses. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 Square is actively seeking to hire a Technical Sourcer to identify and assess technical talent for our Engineering Team. Technical Sourcers work closely with our Recruiters and Engineering Hiring Managers to develop and execute strategies to locate and attract candidates to Square.  Square encourages practical and creative ways to surface leading talent, and we invest a lot of time activating passive candidates through a highly engaged approach.  Our Recruiting Team is passionate about candidate experience and this usually begins with the Sourcing Team.  We’re seeking a highly motivated Sourcer who understands technology and has a strong ability to build an Engineering pipeline.
 This role requires that you work in our San Francisco office. It is not a remote position and relocation is not provided.
  
 You will:
 Work closely with Recruiters and Hiring Managers to clearly comprehend technical requirements of the role, the scope, and the team
 Proactively build talent pipelines through referral generation, online sourcing, events and sourcing campaigns
 Locate and engage passive candidates through the use of Linkedin Recruiter, Boolean sourcing, and alternative search techniques
 Screen resumes and phone interview candidates to determine fundamental fit
 Consistently maintain and track pipeline activity to share with Engineering Hiring Managers and Recruiters
 Recommend creative and results-oriented ideas to potentially impact pipeline
 Qualifications
 You have:
 3+ years technical sourcing or recruiting experience with an agency or in-house recruiting team
 Ability to determine general fit for engineering teams based on required and desired qualifications
 Experience utilizing an Applicant Tracking System to maintain candidate pipeline
 Ability to build and maintain long-term pipeline for hard-to-fill Engineering roles
 Develop and maintain multiple strategies resulting in the engagement of passive technical candidates
 Experience advising Recruiters and Hiring Managers on activity and strategy in order to fill assigned roles utilizing data
 Technical industry knowledge and general comprehension of relevant technical skills,  relevant companies, engineering communities, and university sources
 Strong communication, interpersonal skills, sense of team, and a desire to learn
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
