Engineering Manager, Server - Point of Sale
 San Francisco, CA, USA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all. We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly. We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location. Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 The Square Point of Sale Server team builds the software millions of sellers trust to run their businesses every day. We craft simple, elegant, and reliable product experiences to enable small businesses to make every sale. We work collaboratively to develop intuitive yet sophisticated product features built on highly-available services.
 This team’s services are developed in close partnership with Square’s client application teams - this is a great role for a someone who wants to work in a very customer-centric server team.
 The team size may allow for hands-on development, though it’s not necessarily expected.
 As an Engineering Manager on the Square Point of Sale Server team, you will:
 Help set broad direction and vision, influence product strategy, and establish practices to efficiently and effectively address customer needs
 Find the perfect balance between time to market and long-term sustainable software development
 Lead and participate in critical technical, design, and product discussions with leaders across product teams
 Own the success of your team’s projects and deliver quantifiable results in a timely manner
 Mentor engineers for their technical and career development
 Hire great talent, coach and develop your team, cultivate pragmatic engineering decision-making, and leverage your technical expertise.
 Qualifications
 You have:
 5+ years of software development or equivalent experience
 1+ year of management or equivalent experience
 BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience
 Experience developing delightful web- or server-based products, preferably with Ruby, Java and MySQL
 Experience collaborating with designers, product managers, and other engineering leaders
 Excellent software engineering aptitude and the ability to provide technical mentorship and guidance
 Even better:
 Current or recent hands-on coding expertise
 Experience with fault-tolerant and eventually-consistent systems
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
