Software QA Automation Engineer
 San Francisco, CA, USA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 As a Software QA Automation Engineer, you will be responsible for planning and executing software testing with an emphasis on testing through Automation for Square’s POS app. This includes working with the cross-functional team to identify areas for automation and automating them.
 You should have a software quality assurance background including both manual and test automation experience. You should also have a strong aptitude for learning new technologies with a good instinct for discovering defects in software and hardware, and have the willingness to do both manual and automated testing.
  
 What you will do:
  
 Plan, create and execute tests for validating Square’s POS software including end-to-end testing with hardware integration
 Develop and maintain test automation for the POS app, based on developed test strategies and by collaborating with the manual testing team 
 Identify and report bugs found through manual testing or automated testing, and document bugs in JIRA by following Square’s guidelines for reporting bugs
 Collaborate with external QA vendors as they execute our test plans. Hold vendors accountable and ensure they have impact
 Stay informed on customer and industry trends and integrate new ideas into ongoing testing efforts
 Have a solid understanding of SQA methodologies and practices
 Be a vocal proponent for maintaining quality in every phase of the development lifecycle
 Qualifications
 You have:
 Minimum of 4 years as a Software QA Analyst with experience in both manual and automated testing
 Experience in developing test automation using JAVA or Objective-C
 The ability to own a complete functional area of a product for testing by planning, executing and driving issues to resolution 
 Experience in testing and automating on mobile platforms (Android or iOS)
 Excellent communication skills 
 A strong sense of urgency and proactivity
  
 Even Better:
  
 Experience in automation testing using Expresso or KIF test frameworks 
 Experience in testing payment systems
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
