Manager, Account Management
 St. Louis, MO, USA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 The Square Business Services team works with the largest Square merchants to grow their business using the power of Square. This team of account managers partners with product and marketing teams to deeply understand the needs of of our merchants and then meet their needs via Square solutions.
 We are looking to hire a Manager for our Account Management team that has experience leading large, diverse  teams. You will be responsible to build your team into a high performing team that leads to success for our merchants and for Square. You will help to develop processes, tools, systems and metrics to scale the team. You will also be responsible for enablement and training of our account managers and lead a training manager. 
 You will:
 Directly manage a team of 7-8 account managers
 Create a high performing account management team via hiring, training and coaching
 Motivate your team to exceed targets (financial, customer satisfaction, operational)
 Engage directly with strategic merchants in your portfolio. Ensure that we are taking steps to grow their business and provide good service
 Manage a training manager and develop training/enablement strategy for a growing team
 Work cross-functionality to identify biggest opportunities for improvement and drive execution reading to real business results
 Work with rest of the team to refine processes and engagement model to improve results
 Engage with product teams to be the customer voice to drive product improvements
 Qualifications
 You have:
 4+ years of experience in a sales role
 1-2 years of people management experience in a high volume, transactional environment
 Experience in rapidly hiring and training new account managers
 Experience in a fast pace technology company, start-up experience a plus
 Excellent interpersonal, leadership, organizational, and communication skills
 A hungry, infectious personality: we’re looking for someone determined and able to win
 Passion for Square and new technologies
 Related Bachelor’s degree
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 Posted by
 Derek Kokich
 share this job
 Powered by
