Software Engineer in Test (Android)
 San Francisco, CA, USA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 The Software Engineer in Test (SET) will lead us to enhance our automation infrastructure, increase automation coverage and improve our existing automation frameworks. This includes identifying current gaps, designing a solution, and executing the solution. 
 The candidate needs to be familiar with testing concepts and automation tools on Android.
  
 This person will support engineers by designing and maintaining cutting-edge automation systems to ensure we deploy code with amazing quality and speed. The SET will research and define our tool strategy to increase our automated test coverage.
 What will you do:
 Lead the evolution of our automated testing for Square mobile platforms
 Improve our existing test automation frameworks and infrastructure (Espresso) and support engineers in writing additional UI tests
 Develop test automation plan by collaborating with the manual testing team
 Maintain existing UI tests, monitor failures and report bugs
 Design and implement tools that improve efficiency in manual testing
 Bring in new or better alternate automated testing tools
 Build and maintain systems to monitor test stability and report stability issues back to engineers
 Qualifications
 Who we need: You:
 have a minimum of 4+ years of experience in building automation frameworks and writing reliable and maintainable automated tests
 have worked on Android platform and have a very good understanding of the mobile test automation ecosystem
 have the ability to write and understand code preferably in Java or Kotlin for Android mobile platform 
 familiarity with Espresso is strongly desired
 love to build tools that will enable the engineering team to write tests more easily
 are constantly looking for better solutions to bring down automation flakiness and increase automation reliability over time
 desire to automate everything and reduce the time required to manually test our products
 have the willingness to work with other teams such as engineering, manual QA, product and release teams
 are constantly thinking ahead, and building for future changes in an ever-changing mobile ecosystem
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
