Contracts Manager
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 We are seeking an experienced contracts manager with a strong background in reviewing, drafting, and negotiating commercial contracts to join our Legal team.
 You will:
 Draft and negotiate a wide range of contracts including services, consulting, marketing, licensing, non disclosure, and other commercial and technology related agreements
 Work as part of the Counsel team and cross-functionally with other teams on a variety of legal matters
 Work closely with members of the Counsel team to develop and improve applicable forms, processes, and procedures
 Effectively manage outside vendors and coordinate efforts across internal teams
 Qualifications
 You have:
 Minimum of three years of contracts drafting and negotiation experience at technology companies and/or law firms
 Expertise in drafting and negotiating a wide variety of commercial, licensing and other technology related agreements
 Superior analytical ability, project management experience, and communication skills
 A team-oriented style yet are able to work with little or no supervision
 The ability to perform well under tight deadlines and thrive in a fast-paced environment
 Familiarity Apttus, Docusign, and other contract management and legal department management tools is a plus
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
