Product Marketing Manager
 San Francisco, CA, USA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We started with a simple idea - that everyone should be able to accept credit cards - and we’ve been rethinking buying and selling ever since. For sellers, we’re creating one cohesive service to run your entire business, from a register in your pocket to analytics on your laptop. For buyers, we’re making it faster to order from the businesses you love and more fun to pay your friends back. Buying and selling sound like simple things - and they should be. Somewhere along the way, they got complicated. We’re working hard to make commerce easy for everyone.
 Job Description
 The Product Marketing Manager ensures that the right customers are getting the right message, through the right channels and represents the customer’s voice in product strategy discussions and decisions. The ultimate goal is to make sure we are building the right products and to drive growth and usage of the various products within the overall portfolio.
 We are looking for a creative, results-oriented, data-driven marketer to join 
 Square as the Product Marketing Manager working across our small business marketing products and services. 
 The ideal candidate will have a solid understanding of product strategy, branding and marketing and have a track record of strong cross-functional coordination. They should also possess exceptional analytical and communication skills.
 You will:
 Identify target customers, their needs, and how products will meet those needs
 Understand customer needs through surveys, interviews, and product usage
 Be a conduit for the voice of the customer to the product team and company
 Develop key marketing messaging that will resonate with the target market
 Drive the go-to-market plan, ensuring that all customer-facing teams are on-message and maximizing each channel
 Develop and implement lifecycle marketing strategies aimed at optimizing product growth and retention
 Drive post-launch marketing programs for sustained product growth
 Review competitive offerings and drive ongoing differentiation
 Offer creative problem solving and analytical reasoning
 Work closely with Product Marketing leadership to support cross-functional initiatives
 Qualifications
 You have:
 A BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience
 5+ years professional experience
 3+ years working in product marketing, lifecycle marketing, or similar go-to-market experience through a strategy consulting or other backgrounds
 Previous background in B2B or B2C marketing, 
 preferably with exposure to small businesses
 Strong quantitative analytical ability and excellent written and oral communication skills
 Comfort in a face-paced, entrepreneurial, start-up environment
 Genuine interest in and curiosity in small business / local marketing or Fintech
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
