Software Engineer, SDK
 Seattle, WA, USA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all. We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly. We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location. Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 The SDK team creates tools that external developers use to build apps on Square's platform. We are a small, focused, and rapidly growing team with an abundance of growth and impact opportunities.
 Our products and responsibilities include:
 SDK generation for multiple platforms
 Building higher level abstractions and components that developers can easily incorporate into their apps
 Rich sample applications that developers can use as building blocks or starting points
 As a software engineer on the SDK team, you will own the design, creation, and maintenance for all of the above. You will have the opportunity to participate in the community of developers who build on the Square Developer Platform and use that knowledge along with usage data to create new tools and components as well as adapt existing ones to meet the needs of our developer customers. 
 You will:
 Help build our Developer Platform, for use by millions of Square Merchants and a key strategic asset of Square.
 Design and implement easy to use tools and reusable components, making thoughtful tradeoffs between consistency and availability when both are not possible.
 Work cross-functionally with our product teams, *many* other engineering teams, and partner developers to design and implement Square’s global developer platform.
 Build systems that maintain customers’ sensitive data and hold Square to the highest standards for security and compliance.
 See the big picture to design fault tolerant systems so the team can be brave, move fast, and break things, without ever showing a negative impact to customers.
 Take input from and work with our developer community on Square SDK projects and contribute to other projects as appropriate
 Qualifications
 You have:
 BA/BS degree or equivalent practical, working experience (4+ years preferred)
 A strong sense of customer empathy and desire to influence the product direction
 Innate curiosity and a desire to be responsible for all aspects of building Square's developer platform in a small, highly focused, and very rapidly growing team.
 Understanding and curiosity in creating well thought out, scalable, low-latency, global systems.
 Been self-driven, open to collaboration and willing to grow as an engineer
 Even better if you are experienced in:
 Full-stack development (Ruby on Rails, Java, Javascript, PHP, or equivalents
 Cross-team and cross-functional collaboration
 Creating SDKs and developer tools
 Working collaboratively or contributing to open source projects
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
