Sales Strategy Manager
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 Caviar is changing the way businesses and consumers order food from restaurants. We believe that everyone should have access to the best eateries in their city without any hassles. Want your favorite burger joint, but hate the traffic and long lines? We're a team of passionate foodies solving that exact problem for your home and office. At Caviar, we believe in an environment that allows you to be creative and go beyond the call of duty. We're looking for exceptionally talented individuals who want to learn and grow with the company. Each and every day counts - you'll make a direct impact to the business starting from Day 1.
 Job Description
 We are building an amazing cross-country sales organization with an infectiously positive attitude, incredible empathy for our restaurant partners, and a drive to win. As the senior member of Caviar’s Restaurant Growth Team, you will drive the strategy, culture, processes, and tools to dramatically accelerate our sales team’s performance against ambitious growth targets. 
 This role requires a strategic, collaborative, cross-functional skill-set to partner closely with Caviar’s Account Executives and General Managers, as well as our Operations, Product and Engineering teams as we build new tools and services for restaurants. You will also work closely with Square’s broader sales team as we partner to bring more restaurants into the ecosystem. You’ll have a front seat to our next stage of growth at Caviar as we integrate ever more deeply into Square, and help drive the sales strategy to solidify Caviar’s position as a market leader in our existing markets while we scale to dozens of new markets nationwide.
 Qualifications
 You will:
 Collaborate cross-functionally with Caviar’s Local Markets, Product, Operations, Support and Marketing teams to solve sales team needs and inform our overall sales strategy and competitive positioning
 Oversee the Caviar sales team’s metrics, reporting, and dashboards we use to run the business
 Own the analyses that steer the sales org including compensation and quotas, lead generation and management, market coverage and segmentation, etc.
 Standardize processes and performance across markets through best-practice sharing, training sessions, dashboards and reporting
 Drive tests of different sales collateral, messaging, tools, and tactics
 Help build the product roadmap by identifying product gaps and communicating them accordingly
 Grow professionally by leading a high-impact, results-oriented team at one of the world’s most exciting technology companies 
 You have:
 A minimum of 1 year management experience
 A minimum of 4 years experience in a sales, sales operations, business development, or a sales-related project management role
 Strong familiarity with Salesforce, sales strategy, and processes 
 Experience working cross-functionally across roles and geographies and the ability to coach and influence others
 Strong communication skills and ability to consistently keep colleagues, team members and other stakeholders aligned, both within Caviar and Square more broadly
 A proven ability to get things done, manage your time and prioritize for impact
 Solid understanding of product development, and can provide value-added feedback and technical insights to our Product and Engineering team
 A deep love of amazing food, restaurants, and the desire to consistently provide an exceptional experience to stakeholders and customers, both internally and externally
 Familiarity with SQL and Looker is a plus
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
