Senior Software Engineer, Capital Partnerships
 New York, NY
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 As a Senior Engineer on Square Capital, you will be responsible for designing, building, and owning the services and infrastructure that power our products. You will build beautiful web applications and design highly available services that form complex distributed systems. Capital Partnerships will allow Square to continue growing Capital’s business by expanding access to Capital to merchants outside the Square platform. If you love delivering beautiful software that improves the lives of millions of consumers and business owners, we want to work with you!
 You Will
 Work closely with product and design partners, and Square leadership, to design and build new systems to offer our leading financial services to Sellers on partner platforms.
 Mentor junior engineers and provide technical leadership.
 Work with and build products for our Partner marketing and engineering teams to help them seamlessly integrate the Square Capital experience into their products.
 Massively scale our existing lending platform, from the datastores to the distributed coordination mechanisms depending on them.
 Build systems that collect and maintain customers’ sensitive data, while holding Square to the highest standards for security and compliance.
 Design fault tolerant systems so the team can be brave and move fast, without ever negatively impacting our customers.
 Qualifications
 You Have
 An interest in working full-stack, from optimizing database transactions to building distributed systems and frontend web applications.
 Passion for building products that are beautiful outside and inside – from their user experience to their robust and elegant design.
 Strong software development skills and computer science fundamentals.
 5+ years of industry experience
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
