Office Manager
 Melbourne VIC 3004, Australia
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 Square is seeking an experienced and skilled individual to support our Melbourne office.  As the office manager you will act as the primary person responsible for ensuring that the office environment runs smoothly and proficiently while simultaneously ensuring that the office’s culture runs in parallel to our company culture. You’re collaborative and work well with others, supporting anyone when needed. You are a natural leader who also thrives when working independently.  You are organized and methodical in your approach to work, yet you bring a creative touch to what you do.  You are passionate about Square’s mission in the world and strive to tell that story, both in and outside of your work environment.  
 You will:
 Lead day to day office operations including employee experience, guest and candidate experience, and a variety of logistics
 Provide administrative support for local team 
 Act as cross-functional support for local teams
 Manage and cultivate multiple facilities and vendor relationships
 Lead local office team to drive exceptional employee and guest experiences
 Act as primary conduit of information between your office and the SF office
 Collaborate with and provide local support for a variety of home office functions (HR, Recruiting, Finance, Legal, Security, etc.) 
 Organize + lead both team and company events
 Qualifications
 You have:
 5+ years of office or project manager experience
 Experience supporting facilities/ construction projects preferred
 Excellent communication skills both written and verbal, strong presentation skills
 Demonstrated administrative experience supporting a team in a fast-paced environment
 Demonstrated ability to lead direct reports and others, with proven ability to influence at all levels
 Ability to work on a team and independently
 Extremely reliable and an impeccable attention to detail
 Experience developing and managing budgets, with strong financial, contract management, and purchasing skills
 Familiar with basic HR and Finance functions
 Computer skills: proficient with Apple and Google products
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 Posted by
 Courtney Dubois
 share this job
 Powered by
