iOS Engineer, Payment Terminal
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 Payments is Square’s core product, and the majority of payments happen in our Terminal product. The Payment Terminal product team focuses on the core payment functionality in the POS app. We take our sellers’ experience as a whole and strive to improve their whole 
 lifecycle
  as a business:
 What we build:
 In-app onboarding flows, which allows new sellers to onboard to Square within the app and start taking payments very quickly.
 Payment tutorials, which helps new sellers learn about taking payments using Square app.
 Card-on-File, which enables sellers to save buyer’s card and charge recurrently.
 Universal linking support, which allows marketing campaigns to directly link into features within the app, for better conversion.
 The product spans across web, iOS, and Android and our features sit atop a service oriented architecture. You’ll be working in a full stack environment from the customer facing features to the underlying services. We are hoping you will take Terminal to the next level.  
 You will:
 Design and build customer experiences in iOS
 Help shape the direction of our next-gen app architecture
 Build extensive, reliable support for product data logging and metrics
 Work closely with our product, engineering, analytics, and marketing teams
 Qualifications
 You have:
 BA/BS degree or equivalent practical, working experience (4+ years preferred)
 Been self-driven, open to collaboration and willing to grow as an engineer
 A strong sense of customer empathy and desire to influence the product direction
 Curiosity in numbers and metrics with a focus on measurable impact
 Even better if you are experienced in:
 iOS App Development (Objective C or Swift)
 Tech lead experience (of 3-5 persons team or more)
 SoA Architecture
 Database schema design
 Cross-team and cross-functional collaboration
 Technologies we use and teach:
 Java, Javascript, Ember.js, MySQL, Protobuf, Ruby on Rails
 A/B test techniques and methodologies
 iOS or Android development
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 Posted by
 Julia Jauquet
 share this job
 Powered by
