iOS Engineer, Payment Product
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 Payments is Square’s core product and the foundation for the growth of many other Square products. Millions of merchants use the payments product for their business every day. The Payment Product team focuses on improving the end-to-end user experience for these merchants and on building new user-facing tools to help them better manage the payment aspect of their business. A few examples of the products that we work on:
 In-app Terminal, which is the payments experience in the Square POS app, often with a reader. 
 Virtual Terminal, which provides a way for merchants to take payments in a browser without a reader. 
 Card on File, which allows merchants to store buyers’ cards for future payments.
 Instant Deposits, which enables merchants to immediately deposit their credit card sales in their bank for a fee.
 Onboarding and new user experience for payment products.
 Transaction and deposit reporting.
 Referral program. 
 We are a full-stack product team: 
 we improve and integrate with the money moving platform and deliver product features on web, as well as in our iOS and Android apps. Our approach is both customer-focused and data-driven: we talk to existing and prospective merchants, understand their needs and pains, and find opportunities to improve product experiences from data insights and A/B tests. 
 As a Software Engineer: 
 You will:
 Create and optimize the core payment product experiences using iOS, Android, Java, Ruby on Rails, Ember.js, and MySQL
 Design, implement, and analyze A/B tests
 Build extensive, reliable support for product data logging and metrics
 Work closely with our product, engineering, analytics, and marketing teams
 Qualifications
 You have:
 BA/BS degree or equivalent practical, working experience (2+ years preferred)
 Been self-driven, open to collaboration and willing to grow as an engineer
 A strong sense of customer empathy and desire to influence the product direction
 Curiosity in numbers and metrics with a focus on measurable impact
 Even better if you are experienced in:
 iOS App development (Objective C or Swift)
 SoA Architecture and database design
 A/B test design, analysis or related tools
 Cross-team and cross-functional collaboration
 Technologies we use and teach:
 Ruby on Rails, Java, Javascript, Ember.js, MySQL, Protobuf
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 Posted by
 Julia Jauquet
 share this job
 Powered by
