Voice Systems Engineer
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 The Voice Systems Engineer will develop code for our next generation ACD as well as maintain and facilitate how Square customers and merchants communicate with internal product and support teams. The ideal candidate is passionate about delivering high quality experiences for customer interactions through intelligent call routing, speech recognition, and integrations with our internal and SaaS platforms. This role reports to the Manager of IT Operations and partners closely with customer support and sales teams. 
  
 You will:
 Support and maintain robust Global solution (Contact Center, voice, SMS, 3rd party integrations) that will facilitate communication between Square’s current and future merchants with internal product teams
 Develop code to build and maintain call center flows for internal product teams which integrate with SFDC, WFM, CRM and more
 Design for a global contact center with internal agents and external partners where automation, resiliency, and uptime are paramount
 Drive a standards based design methodology across the infrastructure delivering solid, robust & resilient documented designs following best practices and ensuring disaster recovery
 Create and deliver technical designs, evaluate new products, features & technologies to increase service levels
 Vendor Management - maintain relationships with major product manufacturers & service providers. Drive vendor product roadmaps.
 Automation - drive simple & scalable approach to new technology solutions using automation  to easily deploy & operate new features, capabilities & functionality
 Have interest in emergent voice technology such as speech recognition, human intent analysis, the future of IVR
 On-call rotation will be necessary
 Qualifications
 Experience with Serenova, Freeswitch, Amazon Connect, AWS, Genesys, Five9 or other hosted platform
 Expertise in least one object oriented language
 Experience with delivery of global Voice Network solutions for Contact Center with internal and external endpoints; hosted solutions preferred over on premise solutions
 Knowledge and management of SIP, PSTN & WebRTC protocols
  
 Complete understanding of globalized +E.164 dial plans
 Experience supporting a multi-lingual global contact center environment
 Experience with corporate network route/switch, background working with firewalls
 Strong project management, teamwork, collaboration and communication skills
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
