Web Front End Engineer, Retail
 New York, NY, USA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all. We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly. We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location. Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 Being a retailer is all about information. What merchandise has the best return on investment? Which employees are great at closing a sale? Which customers would make another purchase, if only they knew about my latest product line? Do I have this in my customer's favorite color at my store across town?
 Square for Retail is an all-in-one answer to these questions. We combine a point of sale optimized for large catalogs, advanced inventory tools, and customer and employee management into one integrated product, building the best way to run a retail business. Our team is focused on delivering impactful software to retailers, by measuring what works, changing what doesn’t, and building new features where necessary. We are tactical in adding new functionality to Square's platform, and work closely with other teams to embrace and extend Square's existing technology. Based in New York City, we benefit from the resources of the larger Square organization and have the space to focus and innovate.
 Job Description:
 As a software engineer with a web frontend focus on the Retail team, you will design and develop new product features for retailers as part of a close-knit team.  You and your fellow engineers will work together to implement each-other's designs and delivery these tools to our sellers.
 Your focus will be on our merchant-facing web interfaces. We build sophisticated web applications in ES6 using Ember.js. You'll work with other engineers on these applications, and also have the opportunity to contribute to our backend or client applications.
 We collaborate closely with teams across the company, and you will need to both communicate our product needs and find the best way to leverage existing and upcoming platforms to benefit our sellers.
 What you will learn and do:
 Ship reliable software through engineering design, continuous integration, test automation, and in-depth code reviews.
 Create unique products to enable retailers to start and grow their businesses.
 Find simple, elegant solutions to hard problems.
 Work closely and collaboratively with designers, PMs, and other engineers.
 Qualifications
 You have:
 BA/BS degree or equivalent practical working experience (2+ years preferred)
 Innate curiosity and a desire to build beautiful, sophisticated, intuitive products for the retail industry
 Strong programming skills and Computer Science fundamentals
 A desire to build modular and well structured web applications, with beautiful and useful interfaces, drawing on experience with HTML, CSS, and ES6.
 Experience shipping and improving products
 Technologies we use and teach:
 ES6, Ember.js
 Service oriented architectures, Go, Java, MySQL
 iOS, Swift, Objective-C
 Protocol Buffers
 Hardware integration
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
