Software Engineer, Android Platform
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 Square’s Hardware Team builds the tangible connection to Square. We started with a simple and elegant Reader that turns any phone or tablet into a mobile point of sale - and we continue to lead this category with advances in chip card and NFC technology. Next, we introduced the Square Stand, the best way to turn your iPad into a countertop point of sale. As we introduce more products, we will meet the needs of more and more sellers with stand-out hardware products, globally. In this role, you will be developing the platform that powers Square’s hardware products.
 Qualifications
 You will: 
 Develop an Android software platform for unique mobile product
 s 
 Design great code within the constraints and opportunities of powerful embedded platforms
 Collaborate on system-side code, communication protocol design, and kernel development on Linux/Android platforms
 You have:
 Firmware and embedded software development experience
 Expertise in C software development, tools, and debug with strong software development discipline (including modularization and test methods)
 Experience developing Linux Kernel extensions and device drivers
 Familiarity with bootloaders and the Linux operating system
 Familiarity with symmetric and asymmetric cryptographic primitives
 Experience in at least one other development language (C++, Ruby, Python, etc)
 Experience with ARM SoCs
 BS in CS, CE, EE, or equivalent practical experience
 Even better:
 Experience porting Android to a new device
 Experience in Android application development
 Understanding of common communications protocols (e.g. SPI, UART, I2C, USB) and debugging practices (e.g. JTAG and associated gdb integrations)
 Experience with power management and battery-powered systems
 Ability to debug issues using a combination of software and lab equipment such as oscilloscopes and protocol analyzers
 Experience shipping consumer electronics products
 Familiarity with reading schematics and basic electrical design principles
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
