Software Engineer (University Students)
 San Francisco, CA, USA
 Intern
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all. We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly. We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location. Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 University students provide fresh ideas and innovation here at Square. We are no longer accepting applications for the 2018 season, but we are always on the lookout for future interns and future full time hires. Interested students apply here for future consideration or in the event, a role opens up. 
 We’re looking for smart engineers of all shapes and sizes, capable and passionate about building extraordinary software and solving hard problems. Our challenges span many technologies, from 
 web
  and mobile applications (iOS, Android) to server-side development (Java and/or Ruby). Our engineers work on small teams with people across engineering, product, and creative, building reliable, fast, responsive, and beautiful software.
 You will:
 Design: Implement pixel perfect designs that defy user expectations.
 Reliability: Ensure Square works right, every time, by using testing, continuous integration, and in-depth code reviews.
 Security: Build interactions and APIs that reinforce trust, increase security, and make it harder to do the wrong thing.
 Analytics: Collect all the data around every transaction and turn it into tools that help our users.
 Products: Envision entire new products, features, and flows that are inspired, considered, and magical.
 Fraud: Make quick decisions on millions of dollars which require good judgment, through diligence, and passion for detecting bad actors and preventing loss.
 Machine Learning: Build and refine powerful machine learning models that automate decisions, prioritize our work, and change the behavior of Square’s products in real time.
 Qualifications
 Pursuing a degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Math or related technical field, graduating between June 2017 and June 2022.
 Programming experience in one or more object-oriented languages, including C, C++, Objective-C, Java, Ruby, Scala, Go, and/or Python.
 Perks
 Education / Foundational / Social Events 
 Lunch ‘n Learn Workshops
 Fully stocked micro-kitchens
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
