Engineering Manager, Traffic Engineering
 San Francisco, CA, USA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. And make it easier for customers to shop and pay at their favorite businesses. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 The mission of the Traffic team is to build highly scalable and reliable application-level communication infrastructure for thousands of geographically distributed microservices. The software and services provided by Traffic Engineering team are the bedrock of Square’s reliability.
 Traffic Engineering is tasked to
 Develop and maintain RPC libraries (gRPC, in-house developed high performance RPC) in Java and Go. 
 Develop and maintain highly reliable software based L4 and L7 proxies. (Java and Go)
 Seamless service discovery for every application at Square. (Zookeeper et al)
 Intelligent rate-limiting for preventing cascading failures (
 https://github.com/square/quotaservice
 )
 We believe that a well designed production environment can be simple and beautiful. We're looking for leaders who share our values, particularly those who have experience building and maintaining high-volume, low-latency, distributed platforms.
 As an Engineering Manager, you will:
 Help set technical direction and vision for the team
 Participate in design and code reviews. Be willing / capable to roll-up sleeves when there is a need
 Mentor engineers for their technical and career development
 Hire great talent, coach and develop your team, cultivate pragmatic engineering decision-making
 Qualifications
 You have:
 5+ years of software development experience in relevant domains (distributed systems and high-performance services)
 1+ year of people management or equivalent experience
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
