Data Engineer, Marketing & Sales
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 As a Marketing & Sales Data Engineer, you will join a newly formed team whose mandate is to build and maintain foundational data infrastructure essential to driving Square’s revenue growth and accelerating seller acquisition.  You will work closely with marketing analytics, sales operations, business intelligence, data science, and platform engineering teams to build best-in-class data pipelines and processes that stitch together complex sets of data stores and drive large investment decisions.  Your work will have a direct impact on hundreds of stakeholders at Square.
 You will:
 Be the expert on end-to-end data flow for Marketing & Sales
 Design, build, and maintain critical data pipelines to ensure highly accurate and reliable business reporting
 Own data import/export pipelines necessary for reporting and optimization efforts 
 Migrate data pipelines from our on-premise data warehouse to the cloud
 Implement systems for tracking data quality and consistency
 Work with marketing analytics and data science to revamp our multi-touch marketing attribution model, including underlying data architecture improvements and integrating new data sources
 Work with sales operations to own, improve, and maintain all sales data infrastructure, including compensation, metrics, and ad-hoc reporting and analysis
 Qualifications
 You have:
 5+ years experience in data engineering or business intelligence
 Expertise with ETL development using various data warehouses, including but not limited to Hive, Vertica, and Snowflake
 Experience with Python/Ruby languages and ETL technologies with dependency checking, such as Airflow
 Experience with Linux/OSX command line, version control software (git), and general software development
 Experience with Tableau and Looker data visualization technologies
 Strong business intuition and ability to understand complex business systems, data architecture, and software design patterns
 Experience with Salesforce data infrastructure and Sales P&L data a plus
 BS or MS degree in Computer Science or a related technical field
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 Posted by
 Derek Kokich
 share this job
 Powered by
