Customer Insights Researcher
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 We are looking for a talented, passionate, and self-motivated researcher to join our team at Square. In this position, you will connect Square with the sellers and buyers we serve—learning from their context and needs. This ensures our products and services are useful, innovative, and delightful.
 A successful candidate will have empathy and interest in people, with rigor and experience in a variety of quantitative and qualitative research methods.
 You will:
 Spend 60-70% of your time on quantitative and 30-40% of your time on qualitative research projects
 Design and execute in-house surveys, including NPS, CSAT, and price sensitivity
 Manage external partners on larger quantitative-driven projects 
 Design and execute qualitative research projects to support marketing, product, and cross-functional teams on a wide variety of domains, including customer needs, product development, and customer communications
 Effectively turn insights into actionable recommendations
 Advocate the customer perspective across Square
 Report to Square’s Insights Team Lead
 Qualifications
 You have:
 Minimum Bachelor’s degree
 Minimum of 6-8 years of experience leading research projects in a professional environment, preferably in a technology company or research consulting firm
 Experience managing and collaborating with external research vendors
 Relevant experience in conducting a variety of research impacting all aspects of business and product development —from upstream to downstream research
 A track record of successfully leading or co-leading both deep dive and ad hoc research
 The ability to multi-task in a fast-paced work environment
 A positive attitude when collaborating with others and ability to stand up for your work
 Communication and presentation skills:
 Translating research data and findings into actionable insights
 Strong storytelling, data visualization, and presentation skills
 Research skills:
 Expertise in analytical tools like SQL, Excel, Qualtrics, Decipher and/or other data manipulation tools
 Demonstrated ability in designing and leading qualitative fieldwork
 Familiarity with qualitative digital research tools
 Value process and rigor but thrive on creative problem solving and hybrid research approaches
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
