Software Engineer, Cash
 Kitchener, Canada
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all. We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly. We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location. Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 Square Cash is a quick, easy, and free way to send money. The Cash engineering team is responsible for the code that makes this work. We care about infrastructure that makes it easy to write software that is secure, efficient, and tested. We build incrementally with small changes and we deploy to production every day.
 As a member of the Cash engineering team, you’ll collaborate with us to:
 Design data models to support application features
 Build APIs used by apps and microservices
 Scale systems to our growing customer base
 Operate and manage Cash services
 Unit test everything
 Share ownership of the product
 Contribute to the broader tech and open source communities
 Qualifications
 You have:
 Strong desire to perform and grow as an engineer
 Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience
 Demonstrated technical initiative on previous projects
 Technologies we use and teach:
 Java 8 including JUnit, Hibernate, Guice, and Jersey
 HTTP, JSON, gRPC, and Protocol Buffers
 MySQL
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
