Events Associate
 London, United Kingdom
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 Square seeks to be the go to payment solution for events and event venues in the UK. The Events by Square team is responsible for Square’s overall presence at events and festivals, which includes establishing and managing partnerships with event producers, festivals, event venues and concession companies. 
 We are looking for a highly driven and detail-orientated Event Associate capable of supporting our goal of seamless operational delivery and helping to grow our Events business..This role will focus on event delivery and support both in office and on site at events and will report into the Partnerships Lead.
 You Will:
 Lead onboarding of key accounts and managing those accounts pre event
 Train key partners before events and staff on site at events
 Provide operational support on site 
 Create staffing plan as appropriate for each event, and manage all logistics for staff
 Procure event kit and supplies
 Manage provision of all hardware
 Liaise across internal teams where necessary
 Establish processes used on site and create necessary documentation
 Support partnerships lead in signing new accounts
 Qualifications
 You Have:
 A BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience
 3 years experience in customer support or event production role which must include face to face support for a technical product
 The ability to operate in a fast-paced, dynamic environment
 Aptitude to translate complexity into simple and intuitive conversations
 Confidence in training large groups of staff
 Strong organizational and communications skills
 Excellent attention to detail
 Solution orientated approach to dealing with high pressure situations
 Proactive problem-solver
 Collaborative in team environment
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
