Design Lead, Seller
 San Francisco, CA, USA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all. We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly. We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location. Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 In this high impact role, you will lead the design of one of our core products within the central Seller organization at Square. Seller encompasses everything from Point of Sale interfaces, to Customer Engagement, and Payment products, and accounts for 90% of the company’s revenue. With several new products on the roadmap, you will drive the design vision and 
 manage a team working on projects
  projects central to the success and growth of Square.   
 From the beginning, it’s been part of our core business strategy that Product Design play a central role in our product development process. At this point in our growth, we’re hiring Design leads to aid in the creation of brand new product lines, and to design the evolution of some of our keystone products in an effort to create amazing experiences for our customers. We believe in generalists that have a hand in each stage of product design. Designers at Square take projects from napkin sketches to final visual specifications. We pride ourselves on rethinking established paradigms and redefining elegance in software.
 Qualifications
 ***For consideration, please submit a link to your portfolio***
 You have:
 Experience turning complex problems into simple and engaging customer experiences for the web, iPad, iPhone, and Android
 A track record of success (and enjoyment) in people leadership and management; this includes: hiring, training and developing, and leadership-by-example
 Expertise in developing information architecture, interaction models, customer flows, schematics, and visual design for products and services
 The ability to communicate interactions rapidly at varying levels of resolution
 Demonstrated leadership in an iterative design process that includes accepting and acting on feedback and constructive criticism
 Excellent collaboration skills
 Experience working with product and engineering to rapidly and iteratively prototype
 Innate curiosity and a desire to be responsible for all aspects of a product in a small, highly focused, and very rapidly growing team
 You must deeply enjoy creating and shipping products and experiences
 Even better:
 Experience conducting customer research ranging from insight protocols to usability tests
 Background developing interaction prototypes
 Additional Information
 All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
