Leadership Sourcer
 San Francisco, CA, USA
 Contract
 Company Description
 We started with a simple idea - that everyone should be able to accept credit cards - and we’ve been rethinking buying and selling ever since. For sellers, we’re creating one cohesive service to run your entire business, from a register in your pocket to analytics on your laptop. For buyers, we’re making it faster to order from the businesses you love and more fun to pay your friends back. Buying and selling sound like simple things - and they should be. Somewhere along the way, they got complicated. We’re working hard to make commerce easy for everyone.
 Job Description
 Square is actively seeking to hire our first Leadership Sourcer to help develop our Leadership Recruiting function. This person will work closely with the Leadership Recruiter and business and technology leaders to define, develop, and execute strategies to attract senior candidates to Square. Square is growing quickly, and this is an opportunity to impact the future of our organization by identifying, attracting, and hiring exceptional executive candidates as we build out this practice in-house.  This is a contract role. 
 You will:
 Build strategies to engage and hire leadership talent across technical and business roles globally for Square
 Work closely with Leadership Recruiter, Hiring Managers and our Executive Team to clearly comprehend requirements of the role, the scope, and the key candidate qualities
 Proactively build talent pipelines through referral generation, online sourcing, events, and sourcing campaigns including engaging with candidates for future, sometimes undefined, roles
 Partner with our Inclusion and Diversity team to build a strategy around engagement of diverse candidates including attending organizational and networking events
 Consistently maintain and track pipeline activity, reporting metrics, and overall market knowledge  
 Develop a unique, tailored candidate experience in partnership with coordinator and Leadership Recruiter
 Qualifications
 You have:
 3+ years sourcing or recruiting experience with an agency or in-house recruiting team; executive search experience preferred
 Proven ability to assist in hiring leadership and executive-level candidates
 Experience utilizing an Applicant Tracking System to maintain candidate pipeline
 Ability to build and maintain long-term pipeline 
 Experience utilizing data to advise Recruiters and Hiring Managers on activity and strategy in order to fill assigned roles 
 Strong communication, interpersonal skills and a desire to learn
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
