Caviar Customer Support Associate (Contract - Nights and Weekends)
 San Francisco, CA
 Contract
 Company Description
 Caviar is changing the way businesses and consumers order food from restaurants. We believe that everyone should have access to the best eateries in their city without any hassles. Want your favorite burger joint, but hate the traffic and long lines? We're a team of passionate foodies solving that exact problem for your home and office.
 At Caviar, we believe in an environment that allows you to be creative and go beyond the call of duty. We're looking for exceptionally talented individuals who want to learn and grow with the company. Each and every day counts; you'll make a direct impact on the business starting from Day 1.
 Job Description
 Do you like talking to people? Are you a clear communicator? We’re looking for someone to be the primary liaison between our customers and Caviar. Our #1 focus as a company is customer satisfaction and our bar is very high in making sure we solve their problems and that their needs are met. While things will move at a fast pace, ensuring that happiness levels stay at 100% is the ultimate reward.
 Qualifications
 You Will
 Provide email, phone, SMS, Twitter support to customers and restaurants
 Achieve world-class customer satisfaction ratings
 Real-time analysis and problem-solving of orders to provide optimal solutions for Caviar stakeholders
 Contribute to high impact projects
 Strategically think about operational improvements and efficiencies
 You Have: 
 At least 1 year of professional work experience
 A friendly and customer service oriented demeanor
 A drive to consistently deliver results and exceed expectations
 The ability to work Friday, Saturday and Sunday (all required) with shifts ending as late as midnight. Sample schedule: Wednesday-Sunday, 1:30-10PM
 A strategic-thinking mentality
 A hunger to learn
 Restaurant industry or hospitality experience is a plus
 Proven history of customer support (preferred)
 BA/BS preferred
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.  
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
