Payments Operations Analyst
 San Francisco, CA, USA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all. We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly. We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location. Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 Square’s Payments Team is responsible for every dollar that moves through our acquiring partners, our networks, and our internal systems. The Payments team’s mission is to make payments efficient, effective, and low-cost for Square and to open the payments industry to Square’s innovation.
 As an Operations Analyst, you’ll be a vital member of the global Strategic Operations team responsible for enabling the Payments business at the heart of Square. Your focus, and that of the overall team, will be to help our payments business scale with ease and confidence. Within Operations, we partner with our external vendors, along with our peers in Product, Engineering, Finance, and other cross-functional areas as part of a continuous feedback loop, so that we can deliver the best possible payments experience for merchants and people across the globe.
 You will:
 Support one or more key relationships and operational components of those relationships – including onboarding, escalation, and business-as-usual.
 Design and monitor reports and dashboards that capture deep insights into our business through leading and lagging indicators, visualizations, and early warning mechanisms.
 Pull and analyze datasets relating to Operational Metrics and Supplier Performance.
 Partner with our Intelligence and Infrastructure teams to identify gaps, examine opportunities, and model improvements against speed, cost, and acceptance.
 Collaborate with engineering to build-out critical tools, automate routine work where possible, and address longer-term or recurring issues.
 Drive payment issues to resolution from beginning to end, working with engineering and external partners to troubleshoot and resolve issues in a systematic and timely fashion.
 Collaborate with peers on the team to further develop the Payments Operations team as a high performing organization by defining, executing, and communicating operational processes, standards, and best practices that work flawlessly and minimize firefighting.
 Codify Operational processes through documentation updates and knowledge transfer
 Support implementation teams within payments and across the entire company as an emerging subject matter expert on operational matters.
 Qualifications
 You have:
 2+ years of operations experience at a high-growth tech company.
 Strong understanding of economic, legal, regulatory, and technical factors shaping payments services.
 An affinity for systems thinking and continuous improvement.
 Exceptional collaborative and troubleshooting/deductive skills including the ability to engage in operational incidents with emerging data to assess impact and drive collaborative resolution in a swift manner.
 Strong analytical skills that will allow good reporting and understanding of problems.
 Exceptional written and verbal presentation skills coupled with ability to drive consensus.
 Even better:
 2+ years of payments industry experience 
 Experience working with external technology partners and vendors 
 Training in Lean / Six Sigma 
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 Videos To Watch
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
