Product Marketing Manager, Growth
 San Francisco, CA, USA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all. We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly. We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, and helping the ice cream shop pay its employees. And, with Square Developer Platform we are allowing external developers to build solutions on top of Square so that we can serve the needs of every seller. Whether they are a small shop or a large retailers, we can help them run their business more efficiently. At the same time, we can provide developers with tools they need to quickly turn their ideas into reality and be a part of the growth and success of our developers and sellers.
  
 Job Description
 The Product Marketing Manager, Growth on the Deposits team will work with millions of existing Square customers to grow their engagement with Square using scalable channels. You will be responsible for increasing engagement and conversions throughout the customer lifecycle through email, social, and in-product. We are data-driven in everything we do: we carefully test and measure all of our communications, running dozens of tests at any point in time. You should ensure that the right customer will receive the right message through the right channel at the right time. The ideal candidate will have a solid understanding of growth strategy, analytics, and marketing and have a track record of strong cross-functional coordination. They should also possess exceptional analytical and communication skills.
 You will:
 Deeply understand the customer lifecycle and identify opportunities for growth and optimization
 Run marketing campaigns and other growth initiatives end-to-end: you will design experiments, develop campaign strategy, and drive execution of the campaign through to completion
 Investigate and test new channels to communicate with our existing customers
 Partner with our Analytics team to measure the impact of each campaign, and develop ways to scale
 Work cross-functionally with product, engineering, legal, analytics and creative to meet ambitious growth targets
 Partner with Data Science to leverage machine learning to automate campaigns and improve targeting  
 Qualifications
 You have:
 A BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience
 5+ years professional experience
 3+ years working in a growth/product marketing capacity or similar analytical experience through a strategy consulting background
 Previous background in B2B or B2C marketing, preferably with exposure to both small and large businesses
 Strong quantitative analytical ability and excellent written and oral communication skills
 Comfort in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial, start-up environment
 Genuine interest in and curiosity about Payments and Fintech
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
