Finance & Strategy Lead - New Business & International
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 Finance & Strategy is responsible for enabling and improving strategic and financial decision-making across the company. We maintain the company’s operating models, analyze deals and capital allocation decisions, and think a lot about strategy (e.g. go-to-market, pricing).
 Our team’s core value is trust – we build it by making what is complex simple.  Business partners appreciate our insight and trust us to help them solve difficult problems. 
 The Role
 We are looking for a strategic and results-oriented finance leader to join our team to lead the MSPI (Marketing, Sales, Partnerships and International) Finance & Strategy team.  MSPI drives Square’s growth in the US and worldwide through managing our global marketing and sales strategy and investments, leading our partnerships with commerce and other technology platforms and overseeing all of our international markets - Australia, Canada, Japan and the United Kingdom.  
 You will be responsible for partnering with MSPI to form our annual and long term marketing, partnership and sales plans and working with our international leads to inform investment decision making to enable our global market expansion.  You will also engage on cross-functional initiatives to ensure alignment in support of our key growth pillars.  You will manage a team of five Finance & Strategy professionals with backgrounds in investment banking, corporate finance and private equity.  This person will report into Square’s Head of Finance & Strategy.
 You will:
 Act as the primary Finance business partner for our Head of Marketing, Sales, Partnerships and International teams
 Lead all financial planning activities for MSPI, including annual plan and quarterly outlooks 
 Develop and monitor OKRs for growth initiatives
 Partner with MSPI leadership to develop new go-to-market strategies and optimize current channels in the US and globally
 Continue to develop, manage and build a high performing team via hiring, training and coaching
 Drive key cross-functional initiatives for Square
 Qualifications
 You have:
 Bachelor's Degree in Finance, Marketing, or other relevant field of study; MBA is a plus
 8-14 years relevant experience
 Financial Planning experience in a growth stage technology company.  Experience with managing sales and marketing metrics and ROI desired.
 Direct people management experience is a requirement 
 A proven leader with the demonstrated ability to marshal resources and drive consensus at all levels within an organization
     
     
 Strong analytical and research skills with the ability to think strategically and work independently
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills
 Consistent track record of success and career progression
 A strong passion for furthering Square’s mission
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
