Tax Lead, International
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 Square, Inc. is seeking a Senior International Tax Consulting Manager to support 
 all areas of tax as the company grows. 
 The International Senior Tax Consulting Manager will report to Square’s Head of Tax but will work closely 
 with finance, accounting, product, and legal. 
 In this role it is vital to communicate and develop relationships 
 with Senior Management and all functions of the company – in particular our Product Leads. The candidate 
 must be able to analyze all sides of an argument, have strong analytical skills as well as have the ability to 
 research and write tax technical memos, document tax positions for our auditors, and ensure that the proper 
 checks and balances are in place to ensure all aspects have been considered. International tax knowledge 
 and experience as well as the ability to communicate with multiple interests across functional groups outside 
 the tax function are required.
 You will 
 have the following areas of responsibility:
 US Tax Implications on Non­US Operations as well as Local Country Tax Implications –
 when applying, please include in which countries you have direct local country tax
 experience and of what nature.
 International IP Offshoring and Tax Efficient Structuring – when applying please indicate 
 with which countries you have this experience.
 Transfer Pricing – when applying, please indicate with which countries you have this 
 experience.
 Informational Reporting – FATCA, Sec. 1441, Back­up withholding and Sec. 6050W
 Transactional Taxes – particularly relevant experience would be in a VAT exempt business 
 – when applying, please indicate in which countries and in which line of business.
 SaaS and Payments Products– when applying, please indicate on what type of products 
 you have provided tax advice.
 Tax Incentives – when applying, please indicate in which locations you have obtained tax 
 incentives.
 International M&A due diligence
 International Tax audits– when applying, please provide type of tax and jurisdiction where 
 you have managed a tax audit.
 Qualifications
 You have​:
 12+ years of experience with substantial experience in International Tax
 CPA or JD
 Big 4 and/or National Law Firm experience required
 Expert understanding of U.S. tax rules and exposures – particularly on non­US operations
 International experience relating to ASC 740
 International M&A experience would be a plus
 The ability to operate at all levels. This position has no direct reports.
 A level of comfortability with systems/data mining (Oracle, MySql) would be a significant plus
 Strong interpersonal communication, management, and team building skills
 Strong project management, planning, and organization skills, including ability to handle multiple
 projects simultaneously in a fast­paced environment – and bring them to conclusion
 An upbeat attitude; ability to seek out and implement internal or external best practices
 A level of comfortability to report out on status in real­time. We are a very transparent company with 
 lots of bright and inquisitive minds.
 Expert knowledge of Microsoft Office and financial analytics/modeling
 Ability to explain complex tax issues in a simple, clear and concise manner
 A creative approach to finding solutions while always ensuring compliance
 Unquestionable integrity
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
