Restaurant Partnership Manager, West Coast
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 Caviar is changing the way businesses and consumers order food from restaurants. We believe that everyone should have access to the best eateries in their city without any hassles. Want your favorite burger joint, but hate the traffic and long lines? We're a team of passionate foodies solving that exact problem for your home and office. At Caviar, we believe in an environment that allows you to be creative and go beyond the call of duty. We're looking for exceptionally talented individuals who want to learn and grow with the company. Each and every day counts - you'll make a direct impact to the business starting from Day 1.
 Job Description
 Our close partnerships with exceptional restaurants are a core differentiator for Caviar.  With each restaurant partner, there are opportunities to enhance both sales performance and operations after we launch. We’re looking for a talented, savvy relationship builder to join us in this high-impact account management and business development role. 
 As a Restaurant Partnership Manager, you will build and define relationships with West Coast growth markets to enhance their experience with Caviar and grow their business. You'll work closely with the Local Markets team on focused growth efforts, including account management, restaurant location expansion, menu optimization, operational troubleshooting, marketing opportunities and more. The name of the game is driving more orders to Caviar’s restaurant partners and growing our business across markets. 
 Qualifications
 You will:
 ﻿
 ﻿
 ﻿
 ﻿
 ﻿
 ﻿
 ﻿
 ﻿
 Drive core business results by actively growing Caviar’s existing restaurant partnerships 
 Build key partnerships through proactive engagement and account management, serving as a primary point-of-contact for business owners across the West Coast
 Strategically optimize all aspects of our partners’ experience and performance on Caviar, from their online menus, to in-store operations, to creative marketing campaigns
 Achieve and consistently exceed quarterly business goals
 Collaborate closely with Caviar’s Local Markets, Product, Operations, Support and Marketing teams to analyze and solve partner needs, communicate best practices, and inform our business and product roadmap
 Grow professionally on a high-impact, results-oriented team at one of the world’s most exciting technology companies 
 You have:
 A minimum of 3 years experience in a results-driven sales, account management, or business development role
 World-class people, sales, and trust-based skills
 A proven ability to get things done, manage your time and prioritize for impact
 A knack for designing your efforts to scale through smart process and collaboration
 The judgment to operate autonomously while collaborating closely with others 
 Experience working cross-functionally across roles and geographies
 Strong communication skills including active listening and the ability to influence others, as well as the ability to consistently keep colleagues, team members and other key stakeholders aligned
 A deep love of amazing food, restaurants, and the desire to consistently provide an exceptional experience to stakeholders and customers, both internally and externally
 Familiarity with SQL a plus
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
