National Operations Manager
 Boston, MA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 Caviar is changing the way businesses and consumers order food from restaurants. We believe that everyone should have access to the best eateries in their city without any hassles. Want your favorite burger joint, but hate the traffic and long lines? We're a team of passionate foodies solving that exact problem for your home and office. At Caviar, we believe in an environment that allows you to be creative and go beyond the call of duty. We're looking for exceptionally talented individuals who want to learn and grow with the company. Each and every day counts - you'll make a direct impact to the business starting from Day 1.
 Job Description
 The National Operations Analyst is an analytical, organized, motivated individual who will play a key role in supporting and driving Caviar’s continued growth nationwide. You will work closely with our local market teams across the country to analyze, test, and optimize every part of our courier logistics network. When a problem is identified, you’ll dig in and get scrappy to solve it in an efficient and expedient manner.
 You are hungry to succeed and willing to roll up your sleeves to make it in a fast-moving company at the forefront of on-demand food delivery and ordering. You can communicate effectively with cross-functional stakeholders and are solution oriented. Reporting directly to Caviar’s National Courier Lead, this role will allow you to make a significant impact on how Caviar scales its operations in new and existing markets. 
 Qualifications
 You Will
 Be a primary point of context for teams nationwide on a variety of core logistics initiatives including courier orientation, forecasting, communications, and related projects.
 Manage an ever-growing suite of software and data tools to ensure our teams have access to the latest strategies and best-practices on our logistics operations.
 Be a key liaison with Operations Managers across the country in developing new projects, processes, and tools to support Caviar’s growth strategy.
 Test, test, and test! You’ll challenge every assumption, design and execute meaningful tests, report on the results, and then help rollout changes.
 Keep everything compliant. You have an eye for detail and familiarity with operating in a complex regulatory environment.
 Grow professionally on a high-impact, results-oriented team at one of the world’s most exciting technology companies.
 You Have
 1-3 years of experience working in an operations, business intelligence, strategy or management consulting role
 Strong analytical skills and familiarity with SQL
 A demonstrated ability and desire to think and act like an owner. You take a highly pro-active approach to identifying challenges, developing solutions, and taking charge of the implementation
 The skill-set to work cross-functionally to accomplish tasks, projects and solve problems to achieve company objectives
 A desire to understand how all parts of the Caviar business works
 Experience working on a marketplace/on-demand product is a plus
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
