Software Engineer, Language Support
 New York, NY
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all. We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly. We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location. Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 The mission of the Language Support team is to provide engineers at Square all the libraries, frameworks, and build tools that are used 
 by product teams to ship server-side runtimes on the Square platforms. 
 You will develop and maintain core libraries that every server engineer at Square uses:
 Integrate seamlessly with Square’s deployment, monitoring, logging and alerting tools. Provides the necessary glue code and idiomatic support for each supported platform.
 Integrate seamlessly with Square’s data storage systems, and provides the necessary glue code and idiomatic support for each supported platform.
 Integrate seamlessly with Square’s service discovery and RPC mechanisms, for inter-service communication.
 Provide up-to-date, vetted open-source components and frameworks.
 Provide guidance/recommendations on how to choose a platform to build a service on.
 Qualifications
 You Have:
 5+ years experience of software engineering.
 Highly proficient in at least one of Java, Go, or Ruby, with a focus on backend service development.
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
