Senior Software Engineer, Point of Sale
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 Our team is responsible for Square’s Point of Sale app, the main entry point through which our merchants interact with us. We help service and develop features that affect how millions of merchants run their businesses, with an eye towards a great user experience and simple design.
 As a Senior Software Engineer, you’ll hit the ground running to help us:
 Contribute to/lead engineering design and implementation for full-stack features and systems
 Mentor other Developers on the team
 Monitor and improve system performance to ensure our systems can scale as our business grows
 Improve and develop the team’s technical best practices
 Work with teams across Square to provide the most cohesive user experience in the industry
 Teams within Point of Sale include:
 Employee Management Products
 Onboard Experience
 Point of Sale - Server
 Qualifications
 You have:
 A strong desire to perform and grow as an Engineer
 A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent industry experience
 Interest in working full-stack, from optimizing database transactions to building distributed systems and front end web applications
 Passion for building products that are beautiful outside and inside – from their user experience to their robust and elegant design
 Data and metrics-oriented mindset: you want your work to be measurable and impactful
 Customer empathy! You understand your customers’ needs and requirements
 Technologies we use and teach:
 Ember.js, CoffeeScript, Sass
 Java, Ruby, Go, Javascript
 Guice, Protocol Buffers, gRPC, Hibernate, jOOQ, Ruby on Rails
 MySQL, Redis, Zookeeper
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
