Software Engineer, Developer Platform (Android)
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 You'll find yourself collaborating on open-ended challenges with a creative, empowered team. Together, we will build SDKs and APIs on top of Square products & hardware. Our customers are developers, and we're solving deep technical problems to help them build commerce apps.
 Our team is exploring new, exciting frontiers for Square. We work autonomously, learn from our customers, and constantly strive to improve our products.
 We are:
 A creative team, invested in teaching each other and growing together.
 Empowered, autonomous problem solvers (with ‘slack time’ to try new things).
 Qualifications
 You have:
 An open-minded, collaborative approach to solving problems and building products.
 Experience shipping and maintaining Android apps. We're having fun with both Kotlin and Java.
 Customer Empathy - hear what isn't working well and address it; share and celebrate successes.
 A passion for learning and sharing. Our team isn't just writing code: we publish blog posts, deliver tech talks, and release open source libraries.
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
