Design Lead, Retail
 New York, NY
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 This is not your typical design leadership role: one aspect of the job is building and leading a growing design team; another is leading-by-example with design excellence yourself; the true crux of the roles is applying design thinking to the business objectives of a new product in our suite of tools. In fact, the right candidate will grow, not into a massive design leader, but instead into a business leaders within Square. The Retail team is building an end-to-end product that seamlessly integrates omnichannel, eCommerce, and the merchant’s ability to better manage her business. At Square, design plays a central role in the product creation process, and so we view this hire as being critical to the success of this new venture.
 The breadth of this role will span:
 Shaping the vision of a product that requires both emotional and bottom-line appeal.
 Working cross-functionally with Engineering, Product, Business to define key objectives, interactions and functionalities of Retail product.
 Conducting user research for the needs of the product by meeting with merchants and gaining first-hand retail experience, right by our office in the heart of SoHo/
 Problem-solving how to maintain Square’s level of design and appeal while also successfully integrating with key partners (Squarespace, Etsy, etc.)
 Qualifications
 ***For consideration, please submit a link to your portfolio***
 You have:
 Experience turning complex problems into simple and engaging customer experiences for the web, iPad, iPhone, and Android
 A track record of success (and enjoyment) in people leadership and management; this includes: hiring, training and developing, and leadership-by-example
 Expertise in developing information architecture, interaction models, customer flows, schematics, and visual design for products and services
 The ability to communicate interactions rapidly at varying levels of resolution
 Demonstrated leadership in an iterative design process that includes accepting and acting on feedback and constructive criticism
 Excellent collaboration skills
 Experience working with product and engineering to rapidly and iteratively prototype
 Innate curiosity and a desire to be responsible for all aspects of a product in a small, highly focused, and very rapidly growing team
 You must deeply enjoy creating and shipping products and experiences
 Even better:
 Experience conducting customer research ranging from insight protocols to usability tests
 Background developing interaction prototypes
 Experience with motion design and related software
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
