Software Engineer, Compliance Engineering
 San Francisco, CA, USA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all. We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly. We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location. Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 The Compliance Engineering team at Square is responsible for policing the behavior of merchants on our platform to guarantee compliance with the Bank Secrecy Act and Anti-Money Laundering laws, ensure the security of our money transmission licenses, and fulfill financial institution partnership obligations, which are the cornerstone of Square’s ability to do business. 
 This team:
 Builds full stack custom software to identify, investigate, and report on suspected money laundering, terrorism financing, sanctioned activity, and other terms of service violations
 Is responsible for ensuring that merchants using our platform have passed all identity verification requirements required by the laws governing anti-money laundering in each of the countries in which we do business
 Uses machine learning to improve our ability to identify and act on potential Compliance violations
 You will:
 Work with operational teams to build full stack web applications that optimize the manual review of suspected violations
 Work on high volume, highly available platforms that are crucial to the onboarding process
 Work with machine learning teams to identify merchant violations that threaten our financial institution partnerships and money transmission licenses
 Work with international teams to assure compliance with all international money movement and privacy regulations to enable international expansion
 Qualifications
 You have:
 A strong desire to prevent Square’s platform from being used to facilitate the financing of terrorism, money laundering, or the sale of items that are commonly vectors for fraud
 Experience developing full stack web applications (Java or Ruby is a bonus but not required)
 BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience
 You must deeply enjoy moving quickly, creating a great team culture, and shipping production software.
 Additional Information
 All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
