Regional Head of Security Operations, West Coast, Japan and Australia
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 As the Regional Head of Security Operations for the West Coast, Japan, and Australia you’ll lead a team of security operations staff at Square’s San Francisco office and support the staff and operations of the Tokyo and Melbourne offices, with occasional travel to these locations as needed.  This is a key position on Square’s Trust and Safety team with responsibility to implement and maintain the program while providing guidance, support, and management for the Security Operations team.  Considerable experience in employee physical security, access control systems, video systems, guest management, facility key systems, fire life-safety, and policy/procedure development is required. This role requires the ability to partner with internal teams at Square, base-building management and their vendors, including security vendors. You should have had prior experience supervising others in a tenured position in a similar environment. A demonstrated capacity to excel in people management is required.
 You will:
 Ensure that the highest levels of customer service are provided to Square employees, customers, vendors, and contractors
 Willingness to respond on short notice at any time of the day or night when required
 Understand fire life-safety systems in compliance with NFPA, State, and Local standards
 Ensure that all personnel, buildings, and facilities are in compliance with Square Safety and Security Procedures Manual (SSPM)
 Responsible for managing and implementing guard force training requirements that are consistent with State or Country regulatory agencies
 Develop and maintain employee based Emergency Response Team (ERT) programs, including training sessions, meetings, and equipment maintenance for all offices under your care
 Understand and develop annual cost structures to optimize staff levels, vendor management, and equipment
 Lead the relationships with building management, tenants, local emergency responders, and other public and private organizations to protect Square
 Liaison with internal departments at Square to effectively manage guest and employee safety for events at your office locations
 Act as a responsible person within the Square Emergency Operations Center during crisis events under the direction of the Director of Trust and Safety
 Daily, manage incident reporting and investigations to ensure compliance with SSPM standards to document activities, accidents or events. Conduct investigations as required.
 Qualifications
 You have:
 A passion for Square and its customers
 A keen attention to detail
 A strong sense of ownership and accountability
 The ability to work in a collaborative and fast-paced environment 
 Excellent oral and written communication skills and the ability to clearly convey thoughts and ideas internally and externally
 Mac (desktop and iOS) and technology competencies (Google products, Slack) should be exceptional
 A passion for helping people with an emphasis on customer service, and be able to transfer that passion to your team
 An understanding of and the ability to analyze and manage enterprise risk 
 Good understanding of current and developing security industry standards
 BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience
 ASIS or other certification is a plus
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
