Senior Data Analyst, Square Capital
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all. We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly. We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, and helping the ice cream shop pay its employees. And, with Square Capital, we have extended over $1.5 billion in funding to over 100,000 sellers, helping them manage their cashflow and making it easy to invest in and grow their business. Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. And make it easier for customers to shop and pay at their favorite businesses. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 As a senior data analyst on the Capital team at Square, you will be responsible for answering 
 unstructured business questions by analyzing and interpreting a wealth of data about our 
 products, services, and customers. This analysis will touch many parts of the organization, and your work is essentially making business, product, and operational decisions on the Capital team.
 Qualifications
 Work with business and product teams to anticipate analytics needs and answer product and business questions
 Design and implement data structures and analyses that drive actionable insights for new features and initiatives
 Work with data infrastructure engineers to build ETLs to ensure the right data is available for analysis
 Analyze, forecast, and build reporting for key performance metrics
 Effectively present and communicate analysis to the company in order to drive business decisions
 You have:
 A BS/BA in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Math, Statistics, Economics, or related technical field (MS is a plus)
 3+ years of relevant experience
 Experience using relational databases to query data (e.g. SQL) and ETL
 Excellent analytical skills and problem solving ability; the ability to answer unstructured business questions and work independently to drive projects to conclusion
 Intellectual curiosity
 Even better:
 Experience with data visualization technology, such as Looker
 Experience with scripting and data analysis programming languages (e.g. Python, R)
 Experience with ETL management tools, such as Airflow
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
