Software Engineer, Regulator Platform
 San Francisco, CA, USA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all. We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly. We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location. Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 Regulator Platform builds and runs the common infrastructure, dashboard, and workflow management that allow Square employees (especially Support, Risk, and Compliance) to quickly research and resolve customer issues. Key parts of this project involve integrating with and corralling data from all of Square’s products to paint a coherent picture of Square’s customers as they exist now or existed at a point in time, and then arranging all the actions that can be taken in order to resolve an issue.
 We care about a solid, scalable, efficient, and straightforward UX for the hundreds of Squares who use our team’s internal products daily. At the same time, to keep up with Square’s rapid growth of new products, we must approach aspects of Regulator as key Square infrastructure, making it easy for other engineers to jump into it, make quick progress, and not risk destabilizing the system for current users.
 You will:
 Help us build a robust case-management system that scales with the evolution of Square operations teams who handle our Compliance, Risk, and Support needs of new product additions in Square’s lineup
 Work full stack and understand front-end services (JavaScript, Ember, etc.)
 Help us run roll-out concurrently running versions of our UI so that we can safely try out new UIs without unduly disrupting anybody’s work
 Help us track and tune performance of our application in order to help Square’s employees get through their daily workload quicker
 Interact with various product team engineers to help them successfully incorporate administrative access to their products in our platform
 Learn about Square’s major product offerings, while developing systems that remain reliable in spite of occasionally unreliable vendors
 Get to know and interact directly with key internal customers on requests and UI issues with the goal of improving efficiency and improving Square’s bottom line
 Qualifications
 You have:
 BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience
 Solid experience and interest in developing and debugging server-side code
 Interest in doing some front-end UI work
 Technologies we use and teach:
 JavaScript, Ember, QUnit, Ruby on Rails, RSpec
 S2S architecture, REST APIs, protobufs
 MySQL, Redis, ElasticSearch, Hive, Vertica
 Additional Information
 All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
