Product Designer - Senior Level, Retail
 New York, NY, USA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy, so we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all. We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly. We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, and helping the ice cream shop pay its employees.
 And, with Square Capital, we have extended over $1 billion in funding to our sellers, helping them manage their cashflow and making it easy to invest in and grow their business. Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. And make it easier for customers to shop and pay at their favorite businesses. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone. Our small, highly collaborative team has built our foundational product and is now focused on innovating and experimenting beyond traditional lending products. We’re an integral and growing part of the Square ecosystem and are leveraging our position to build products and features that are beyond the capabilities of our competitors.
 Job Description
 From the beginning, it’s been part of our core business strategy that Product Design play a central role in our product development process. At this point in our growth, we’re hiring Designers into senior roles to lead the creation of brand new product lines, and to design the evolution of some of our keystone products in an effort to create amazing experiences for our customers. We believe in generalists that have a hand in each stage of product design, so Designers at Square take projects from napkin sketches to final visual specifications. We pride ourselves on rethinking established paradigms and redefining elegance in software.
 ***For consideration, please submit a link to your portfolio***
 Qualifications
 You have:
 A minimum of 5 years of relevant experience
 Experience turning complex problems into simple and engaging customer experiences for the web, iPad, iPhone, and Android
 Expertise in developing information architecture, interaction models, customer flows, schematics, and visual design for products and services
 The ability to communicate interactions rapidly at varying levels of resolution
 Demonstrated comfort with an iterative design process that includes accepting and acting on feedback and constructive criticism
 Excellent collaboration skills
 Even better:
 Experience conducting customer research ranging from insight protocols to usability tests
 Background developing interaction prototypes
 Experience with motion design and related software
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
