Software Engineer, Notifications Infrastructure
 San Francisco, CA, USA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 At Square, the Notification Infrastructure team builds the platform that delivers hundreds of millions of messages per month to Square merchants and customers. 
 Messages range from personalized in-product notifications highlighting recent activity to emails detailing the latest sale. We take pride in ensuring relevant messages reach our merchants quickly.
 We are a small, focused, and rapidly growing team with an abundance of growth and impact opportunities.
 You will:
 Reliably guarantee the delivery of millions of messages per day
 Scale our systems to meet ever increasing demand
 Leverage data and ML models to optimize delivery
 Design APIs and the underlying data models used by many apps and microservices
 Mentor other developers on the team
 Contribute to the broader tech and open source communities
 Qualifications
 You have:
 5+ years industry experience
 Innate curiosity, growth mindset, and passion for creating products that are beautiful inside and out
 A bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent
 Demonstrated your love for engineering through side projects, research, or open source contribution
 Demonstrated deep technical leadership on previous projects
 Technologies we use and teach:
 Java 8, Ruby on Rails
 JavaScript, Ember.js
 MySQL, Kafka
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
