IT Lead
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 At Square the IT Lead will play a critical role in developing IT strategy, driving operational excellence and maximizing the potential for automation and the overall employee experience. The ideal candidate will possess a strong sense of ownership, deep knowledge of a variety of technologies, and broad problem solving experience. At Square we do IT differently, we focus on automation, an exceptional employee experience and develop ways, to find a way to say yes. This position reports to the lead of Business Platform Engineering.
 You will:
 Lead and mentor multiple teams including IT Operations, IT Support, IT development and AV.
 Create and implement IT policies and procedures that enable Square.
 Define the IT vision and strategy at Square. Stay ahead of the technology curve and collaborate with key decision makers to align business needs with IT initiatives.
 Drive results with clearly defined priorities, effective resource allocation, roadmaps, project plans and execution frameworks.
 Drive operational excellence within the IT organization. 
 Develop and implement standards, policies and processes for: oncall support, change/incident management, service delivery, system architecture, disaster recovery and purchasing.
 Qualifications
 You have:
 12+ years of IT experience. 6 years minimum IT management experience. Prior experience leading a global team is highly preferred.
 Bachelor’s degree in Information Systems, Computer Science, or other related field.
 Ability to attract, retain and develop high caliber technical talent for the team.
 Direct experience owning an IT budget.
 Strong organizational and project management skills are a must.
 Hands on leader who not only can provide guidance but can also roll up their sleeves and do the work when needed.
 Experience managing managers.
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
