Windows Systems Engineer
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 Help Square revolutionize the way people make and accept payments. 
 You will be responsible for system automation, administration and management on Windows.  You will be writing scripts + code to automate tasks. Have a strong knowledge of windows toolsets, and has proven experience with client side fleets. You will get to drive a variety of client-side projects from concept to completion..
 You will:
 Manage and administer client system infrastructure Windows endpoints : Laptops, Desktops VDI on prem. and DAS.
 Administer enterprise software and open source - including deployment and package management.
 Thoughtful and timely deployments of application, major upgrades, security updates and patches.
 In conjunction with our Infosec team develop a client security model and best practices in an enterprise environment 
 Configuration Management and Application delivery to Squares.
 Diagnose and investigate operational issues and outages.
 Qualifications
 You have:
 A minimum of 3-5 years experience working in an IT Engineering professional environment.
 Demonstrated strong people skills, analytical, problem solving and working as a team.
 Security mindset.
 Developed solutions and make technical recommendations independently.
 Strong interpersonal and communication skills - Documentation and clear communication with peers and Squares.
 Working knowledge with the following technologies: Active Directory, Powershell,
  
 SCCM,
  
 GPO, WSUS, Python, GIT, Packer, Puppet or SALT and Chocolatey
 Experience with at least one scripting language (e.g. Bash, Python, PowerShell, Ruby)
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
