Portland Restaurant Account Manager (Contractor)
 Portland, OR, USA
 Contract
 Company Description
 Caviar is changing the way businesses and consumers order food from restaurants. We believe that everyone should have access to the best eateries in their city without any hassles. Want your favorite burger joint, but hate the traffic and long lines? We're a team of passionate foodies solving that exact problem for your home and office. At Caviar, we believe in an environment that allows you to be creative and go beyond the call of duty. We're looking for exceptionally talented individuals who want to learn and grow with the company. Each and every day counts - you'll make a direct impact to the business starting from Day 1.
 Job Description
 The Restaurant Account Contractor role is a dynamic opportunity to leverage your relationship and organizational skills in order to expand the Caviar Brand in the Portland Metro region. Who are we looking for? Someone who's a natural at building and sustaining relationships, and has a passion for the best eats in Portland. Someone who can enthusiastically talk about food and people, and articulate why Caviar is a great value for restaurants. Someone with high attention to detail, who takes strong pride and ownership over the projects they are working on. 
 This is a dynamic role where you will help the Portland General Manager accomplish a multitude of vital projects including: helping onboard new restaurants, optimizing restaurant menus, face-to-face meetings with restaurateurs, and sometimes even helping with real-time operational needs during peak hours.
   
 Additionally, you will be helping to advise and manage existing restaurant partners. This role will require both inside and outside outreach, emailing, cold calling, and face-to-face meetings. If you think you're a great fit and ready to join a fast-paced, rapidly growing company at the forefront of on-demand food delivery, please get in touch. 
 Qualifications
 You will:
 Create partnerships by smoothly onboarding restaurants to help them achieve their goals
 Identify restaurant improvements, and work with restaurants to optimize their program
 Maintain strong existing partnerships with our current restaurants
 Achieve and consistently exceed quarterly objectives
 Contribute and share best practices that are the foundation of this growing team
 Act as an outward-facing ambassador of Caviar’s beliefs, brand, and product
 Help refine Caviar’s local market strategy
 Support and inspire your Local Portland Team
 You have:
 Proven ability to multi-task, manage multiple projects, and follow through while paying close attention to detail
 A passion for Caviar, food, and the best restaurants in Portland.
 Genuine curiosity about people and the restaurant business, good listening skills, and possess the innate ability to inspire passion in others
 1 year of experience in sales, account management, marketing, or a similar client-facing role
 A BA/BS degree
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills
 Enthusiastic about working with a small team that wears many hats in order to grow
 Strong familiarity with professional software and relationship management tools, e.g. Google Docs, Salesforce, Yesware, Docusign, etc.
 Coachability, interest in implementing feedback, and dedication to the consistent improvement of your craft
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
