Payments and Regulatory Counsel
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 We are seeking an attorney who will play a key role in providing guidance on payments regulatory issues related to Square’s rapidly expanding payments activities. As we expand our offerings, your ideas and contributions will make a significant impact. You will assist with the full range of financial services regulatory requirements applicable to online and offline payments, including FinCEN regulations, network rules, anti-money laundering processes, KYC obligations, and other licensing regimes. You will help to establish and maintain company-wide programs to support regulatory compliance in our products and activities. You will work closely with external advisors and internal experts regarding the many aspects of legal compliance, including the company’s cross-functional payments team. You will report to the managing attorney of the payments legal group.
 You will:
 Advise on legal, regulatory, and industry requirements for payments activities
 Work closely with our internal product, business, risk, and compliance teams, as well as with external advisors
 Manage compliance with licensing requirements and interface with state, local, national, and international payments regulators, in partnership with government relations team
 Identify risk areas and develop systems, policies, and procedures to manage and mitigate them
 Provide ideas and insights into how Square can work within the law to create amazing product experiences for our customers
 Qualifications
 You have:
 JD with at least 5 years of relevant experience in law firms, government agencies, and/or in-house counsel departments
 Extensive knowledge of financial services and payments compliance requirements and regulations, including anti-money laundering and Bank Secrecy Act, Fair Credit Reporting Act, Gramm-Leach Bliley Act, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau regulations (including Regulations E and Z), know-your-customer requirements, escheatment rules, data security issues, and privacy issues in the financial industry
 Experience with US regulatory system, with additional experience with non-US jurisdictions preferred
 Demonstrated track record of strong leadership and project management skills
 Familiarity with launching products and advising on the legal and regulatory aspects of product development
 Sound and practical business judgment, intellectual creativity, and problem-solving skill
 Team-oriented and collaborative approach
 A sense of adventure
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
