Senior SoC Security Engineer
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 The Square Security team works to ensure the security of every transaction from swipe to receipt and beyond. We embed ourselves in other teams at Square to build world-class products for both customers and employees. Our ultimate goal is to ensure that every single experience with Square is simple, secure, and safe.
 The Hardware Security team specializes in the physical, electrical, and embedded security concerns surrounding Square’s hardware products. The Hardware Security team works closely with our SoC team to architect, develop, and manufacture Square custom silicon that powers our products. We are looking for smart, motivated engineers who want to break, refine, and build amazing things with us; the primary focus of this position is on SoC security architecture and design.
 This is a senior, high-impact role; you will be expected to promote better security and design practices within the hardware organization, as well as throughout Square.
 You will:
 Define and develop the security architecture for Square’s custom SoC’s, including leading the team through design and verification of security features, and integration of the finished silicon into our products
 Balance security, compliance, performance, power and cost for a diverse portfolio of embedded devices and the associated manufacturing and backend infrastructure
 Prototype and test countermeasures that ensure a wide variety of security properties in silicon
 Review silicon production, packaging, and test security processes to ensure that Square silicon production flow meets our security goals
 Qualifications
 You have:
 Subject matter expertise in design of silicon security features, including secure boot, key management, cryptographic acceleration, debug and test access control, memory protection, and trusted execution environments
 Strong electrical engineering background and digital design expertise
 Demonstrated hands-on experience in SoC design and verification over multiple product cycles (must include significant contribution to RTL for both design and testing)
 Deep understanding of hardware/software interactions, and the ability to design robust, easy-to-use interfaces to expose to firmware/software
 Even Better:
 Pre- and post-silicon validation experience, including system bringup experience, familiarity with using FPGAs to validate security features, and performance characterization
 Extensive knowledge of state of the art cryptographic architectures for extremely low cost and low power solutions
 Demonstrated experience in at least one of the following: defeating physical anti-tamper mechanisms, performing and defending against side-channel / fault-injection / glitching attacks, and/or reverse-engineering and exploitation of embedded systems hardware and protocols
 Knowledge of modern power management techniques, bus architectures, and peripheral design
 Experience integrating multiple different CPU architectures into silicon
 Extensive knowledge of physical anti tamper mechanisms (from initial concept to deployment and maintenance)
 Solid understanding of protocol design and analysis, firmware and embedded OS design principles
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
