Product Marketing Lead, POS
 San Francisco, CA, USA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We started with a simple idea - that everyone should be able to accept credit cards - and we’ve been rethinking buying and selling ever since. For sellers, we’re creating one cohesive service to run your entire business, from a register in your pocket to analytics on your laptop. For buyers, we’re making it faster to order from the businesses you love and more fun to pay your friends back. Buying and selling sound like simple things - and they should be. Somewhere along the way, they got complicated. We’re working hard to make commerce easy for everyone.
 Job Description
 As Square diversifies its product portfolio and customer base, the need for effective segmentation, focused messaging and coordinated cross-channel marketing is critical to the company’s sustained growth. A Product Marketing Lead ensures that the right customers are getting the right message, through the right channels and represents the customer’s voice in product strategy discussions and decisions. The ultimate goal is to make sure we are building the right products and to drive growth and usage of the various products within the overall portfolio.
 We are looking for a creative, results-oriented, data-driven leader to join Square as a Product Marketing Lead working on Square’s Point of Sale products. The ideal candidate will have a solid understanding of product strategy, branding and marketing and have a track record of cross-functional leadership. They should also posses exceptional analytical and communication skills.
 You will:
 Identify target customers, their needs, and how products will meet those needs
 Understand customer needs through surveys, interviews, and product usage; be a conduit for the voice of the customer to the product team and company
 Partner and collaborate with Product Management to define the product feature roadmap, while incorporating feedback from a broad range of cross-functional teams
 Develop key marketing messaging that will resonate with the target market
 Drive the go-to-market plan, ensuring that all customer-facing teams are on-message and maximizing each channel
 Drive post-launch marketing programs for sustained product growth
 Review competitive offerings and drive ongoing differentiation
 Offer creative problem solving and analytical reasoning
 Qualifications
 You have:
 A BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience
 12+ years professional experience
 5+ years working in a product marketing or growth capacity (partnered closely with product management and/or engineering to represent market requirements and with sales to support product launches)
 Must have prior experience delivering growth in consumer tech or SMB tech industry
 Strong quantitative analytical ability and excellent written and oral communication skills
 Comfort in a face-paced, entrepreneurial, start-up environment
 Additional Information
 All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 Posted by
 Courtney Dubois
 share this job
 Powered by
