Business Analyst
 London, United Kingdom
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 We started with a simple idea—that everyone should be able to accept credit and debit cards—and we’ve been rethinking buying and selling ever since. Square currently operates in 5 markets globally and
  
 this role is based in our London office.
 Square is looking for a Business Analyst to join our London team. You will be responsible for delivering analysis and insights across the business including product, marketing, sales and partnerships; as well as building and running our regular reporting process. This person will work on a variety of projects designed to drive Square’s success and growth in the UK market including owning hardware sales forecasting; leading all information management and reporting; and analyzing market trends, accessing strategic opportunities and building business cases for our leadership team. Reporting to the Head of UK Marketing with dotted line reporting into Head of UK, the ideal candidate will have strong analytics experience and knowledge as to how to turn their analysis into business actions as well as strong communication skills.
 You Will: 
 Oversee all sales forecasting for our hardware products across eCommerce and retail partners, aligning with marketing and sales activity 
 Build, automate and maintain all business reporting and metrics across marketing, sales, partnerships
 Lead business analysis and case writing, such as: 
 Marketing, sales, partnerships cohort analysis 
 Customer segmentation and cohort analysis 
 Financial modelling
 Synthesize data into insights and clear recommendations
 Manage ad hoc analytical projects as needed 
 Work directly with our Head of UK to provide market insights, recommendations and business strategy 
 Research industry landscape to help drive key initiatives and provide insight to the Square leadership team 
 Develop competitive insights reporting process to provide market insights and strategy to wider UK and global business
 Qualifications
 You Have: 
 A minimum of 3 years of work experience in an analytical role 
 A Bachelor’s Degree in a quantitative field such as maths, economics and statistics or equivalent practical experience 
 Advanced SQL skills mandatory, including an ability to write queries from scratch
 Proficiency in Excel 
 Strong experience finding and analyzing data to drive insights
 Excellent ability to turn analysis into impactful presentations
 Strategic thinking, problem-solving, and logical structuring skills
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills
 Self-starter attitude and high degree of motivation to go above and beyond the task at hand
 An ability to thrive in an ambiguous, start-up environment
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
