Technical Accounting Manager and Financial Reporting Manager
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 The Technical Accounting and Financial Reporting Manager will be responsible for:
 Supporting the technical accounting team with research and documentation for a variety of complex and non-standard transactions as well as general corporate accounting matters;
 Support the external reporting needs and primarily responsible for financial reporting for certain subsidiaries;
 Be primarily responsible for reviewing equity accounting.
 You will:
 Research, evaluate and document technical accounting and reporting implications of complex and non-standard transactions, as well as general corporate accounting matters;
 Be primarily responsible for reporting for certain subsidiaries;
 Be familiar with financial reporting for financial services;
 Have primary responsibility for reviewing equity accounting;
 Collaborate with other groups and/or departments in order to implement the new accounting standards, including assessing the reporting implications and ensuring the availability of requisite information for financial reporting;
 Analyze contracts to determine the accounting treatment in accordance with GAAP;
 Support maintaining, updating, and evaluating new accounting policies, including the new leasing standard;
 Prepare financial statements for certain subsidiaries entities and support the audit of such entities;
 Be a key part of the annual audit and quarterly reviews with external auditors, the accounting team, and executive management;
 Be flexible and a team player;
 Lead or participate in special projects as needed.
  
 Qualifications
 The ideal candidate must have a strong technical accounting background, be comfortable and have confidence with navigating through ambiguity, have outstanding communication and writing skills, be attentive to details, and be able to prioritize and manage multiple tasks simultaneously while working with multiple teams. The candidate will develop strong working relationships with cross-functional partners and various levels of management.
 You have:
 A Bachelor's Degree in Accounting or equivalent
 CPA required
 6+ years of experience required – some Big 4 experience preferred
 Public company experience required (preferably from working at a public company)
 Comprehensive and current understanding of US GAAP and SEC reporting principles and regulations
 Understanding and experience with new accounting standards
 Knowledge of Sarbanes Oxley / internal control frameworks
 Outstanding oral and written communication skills
 Ability to prioritize and manage multiple tasks simultaneously
 A “roll up your sleeves” approach in order to accomplish all necessary tasks
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 Posted by
 Michelle Steyer
 share this job
 Powered by
