Embedded Software Engineer
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 Our hardware team builds the tangible connection to all that is Square. As we introduce more and more of our products to the world, our hardware footprint expands. In this role, you will be responsible for developing the embedded software in Square’s hardware products.
 Qualifications
 You will: 
 Develop the embedded software in Square"s hardware products 
 Write great code within the constraints of both tiny embedded systems and much more powerful platforms
 Move up the stack to write and collaborate on system-side code; including protocol design and signal processing in iOS and Android applications, as well as kernel and other development on Linux/Android platforms
 You have:
 Firmware / Embedded software development experience
 Expertise in C software development, tools, and debug
 Experience in at least one other development language (Java, C++, Ruby, Python, etc)
 Experience with 8-bit to 32-bit RISC and ARM processor
 A strong software development discipline, including modularization and test methods
 BS in CS, CE, EE, or equivalent practical experience
 Even better:
 Experience in iOS or Android application development
 Experience in digital signal processing
 Understanding of common communications protocols (e.g. SPI, UART, I2C, USB), debugging practices (e.g. JTAG and associated gdb integrations), and basic electrical design principles
 Experience with ultra-low-power systems
 Ability to debug issues using a combination of software and lab equipment such as oscilloscopes and protocol analyzers
 Strong understanding of basic cryptography concepts
 Experience shipping consumer electronics products
 Experience in developing device drivers and userspace software on Linux/Android platforms
 Extensive knowledge of Linux kernel and Android system internals
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
