Engineering Manager, Developer Platform
 San Francisco, CA, USA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 Do you want to build a team that changes our company and the industry?
 Do you like people and want to coach and inspire engineers, helping become the best they can be?
 Are you organized, proactive, technical, eager to unblock any problem, and ready to join an exponentially growing team at Square?
 If this sounds like you, you may be our ideal engineering manager. The Developer Platform Product APIs / Infra team is responsible for our eCommerce product and other APIs that external developers use to build apps on Square's platform. We are a small, focused, and rapidly growing team with an abundance of growth and impact opportunities. 
 Our products and responsibilities include:
 Own Square's eCommerce API products
 Building infrastructure that makes it easy, scalable, and consistent for internal teams to expose Square's products to external developers
 An App Marketplace that helps millions of merchants integrate solutions for their business, and helps developers reach a technology companies building entire businesses on top of the Square Platform
 Ensuring the availability, growth, architecture, and scalability of all public APIs
 Why should you join us?
 We believe commerce is changing, and as part of that Square is 
 transforming from a product company to a platform company. If you join now, you will ride the massive wave of omnichannel retail combining in-store and online / in-app payments. You'll help create an "AWS of Commerce" as our developer platform exposes core primitives for other companies to build on top of. And you'll have a great experience with our motivated, friendly, and diverse team.
 Why our purpose really matters
 Our team's platform is changing the growth trajectory of small businesses. Square's purpose is to enable economic empowerment - we believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. Helping people reach this will create a better world. We started with a little white credit card reader, and have grown to support merchants as they grow: payroll, e-commerce, retail, delivery, inventory / catalog management, loans, marketing, loyalty, and more. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business - read and watch videos of us helping people 
 live their dreams
 .
 What current team members say
 The Developer Platform team has grown rapidly, and we've been so fortunate to keep adding great teammates to the 'family.' 
 We went from 5 to 30+ people in the last ~18 months. Here ares quotes directly from your future teammates:
 Culture: 
 "I was looking for a company where the aim is to collaborate and empower each other. Square has that on its DNA and also on its business model. As long as merchants and developers sell more and do better, Square does well. So it's a win-win setting that translates in the way teams and people work together."
 Learning opportunities:
  "After asking on several interviews how was knowledge shared across team members and teams I found out that the openness and size of Square would allow me to learn more and have an open mind to digging into different technologies and languages. Great big companies also have this but they are so massive that's easy to get lost."
 Career growth and balance: 
 "I also consider the size of the company a great one for me to grow professionally on my career without sacrificing my other goals in life. Work life balance is a big deal for me too."
 People: "
 Square was the place where I felt treated the best (compared to my other interviews). I am not talking about what things you can do / swag / lunch or other goodies you can get. I'm referring to the way I was welcomed, listened to, questions answered, and even they way I was escorted out the day I interviewed, and my follow ups with the recruiter and you [, my hiring manager]."
 We want you to join too: 
 "If this excites you well then please apply, or tell a friend and invite them to apply!"
 Ready to join? Great! Here are the details
 Salary and benefits: competitive cash and equity compensation, great health insurance, on-site fitness and massage, a flexible vacation policy, paid maternal and paternal leave, wellness services, culinary programs (really great food!), learning and development opportunities, and annual office celebrations.
 Qualifications
 Necessary skills & qualifications:
 5+ years of software development or equivalent experience
 1+ year of management or equivalent experience
 Experience developing product infrastructure and web services
 Experience developing server-side code (Golang is a bonus but definitely is not required)
 BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience
 Curiosity and a desire to build Square's developer platform, where we succeed when our merchants and developers succeed
 Whether you have heard of "Lean Startup", "Customer Development", "Human centered design" or not, you have a deep desire to focus on delighting our customers
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
