Senior Equity Accountant
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 The Senior Equity Accountant will be responsible for:
 Accounting for Company equity transactions, including stock-based compensation expense, and ESPP accounting;
 Supporting the external reporting needs by preparing the equity footnote and Statement of Shareholders’ Equity;
 Calculating basic and diluted earnings-per-share;
 Performing valuations of employee option grants and employee stock purchase program based on the Black-Scholes model
 The ideal candidate must have a strong accounting background, be comfortable and have confidence with navigating through complex equity plans, including ESPP, RSUs, stock options etc. They must also have outstanding communication and writing skills, be attentive to details, and be able to prioritize and manage multiple tasks simultaneously while working with multiple teams, including local and international teams. The candidate will develop strong working relationships with cross-functional partners and various levels of management.
 You will:
 Record journal entries and prepare balance sheet reconciliations for Company’s equity-related accounts;
 Collaborate cross-functionally with various stakeholders to prepare monthly forecasts and fluctuation analysis for stock-based compensation expense;
 Assist in technical accounting matters to support the organization, specifically stock based compensation, accounting, and reporting the appropriate application of U.S. GAAP;
 Assist in drafting footnotes and other required disclosures for our quarterly and annual filings with the SEC;
 Be a key part of the annual audit and quarterly reviews with external auditors, the accounting team, and executive management;
 Be flexible and a team player;
 Lead or participate in special projects as needed.
 Qualifications
 You have:
 A Bachelor's Degree in Accounting or equivalent
 3+ years of experience required – some Big 4 experience preferred
 Public company experience required (preferably from working at a public company)
 Comprehensive and current understanding of ASC 718
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 Posted by
 Michelle Steyer
 share this job
 Powered by
