Channel Partnerships Manager
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 The Channel Partnerships Manager role is responsible for creating and executing scalable programs that benefit Square and Square’s Channel Partners. You will be primarily focused on enabling our Channel Partners to sell Square’s products into their customer bases, working very closely with partner Sales and Engineering teams. You will become an expert on how Square’s products and value propositions can enhance the way partner’s sell and build commerce solutions for sellers. This is an exciting opportunity working with Square partners across omnichannel commerce ecosystem.
 This is a critical role on the Channel Partnerships team, and you will be required to have a good mix of abilities that include: ability to understand and explain multiple products’ value propositions, strong communication and presentation skills to create and own training programs, an ability to be a confident public speaker and product expert, and a desire to drive for significant growth in our business. 
 You will: 
 Create a scalable Channel Partner management program that enables new partners to effectively sell and integrate Square products
 Maintain direct and active relationships with partners, including proactive sales and technology enablement
 Work closely with partners and product marketing teams to strategically deliver product training, assets, and collateral 
 Be a liaison between partners and internal Business Development, Product Management, Engineering and Sales teams
 Be responsible for success metrics and partner growth
 Operate with little oversight, be an executor, and be able to drive excitement and growth across partners
 Assist with partner recruiting
 Qualifications
 You Have:
 Leads with Vision and Purpose: Communicates a compelling and inspired vision and sense of common purpose. Invests time to look beyond what’s possible today. Sets clear milestones and holds people (and self) accountable to deliver
 Executes Effectively: Successful track record of planning and execution. Clearly assigns responsibility for tasks and decisions. Delegates well. Sets clear goals and measure, monitors process, progress, and results. Designs feedback processes into work to always stay on track. Drives revenue through building and managing pipeline. 
 Works Effectively with Senior Leaders: Can build relationships, sell and deal comfortably with executives. Can craft approaches that are perceived as positive and successful. Knows how to deliver to build credibility. Able to effectively negotiate contracts
 Leading Change: Successful record of leading organizational change. Passion for helping others succeed, especially in a sales-specific or business related function. Dedicated to helping other improve, find purpose in the day-to-day, and coaching others
 Fantastic Public Speaker, Inspirational and Motivational: comfortable delivering trainings, speaking engagements, hosting events, and managing a classroom filled with diverse background and unique content
 Able to drive and manage cross-functional initiatives at scale
 5 + year Channel Sales experience and/or Sales/Partner Enablement experience, preferably with a successful track record of managing people and/or project teams
 Consulting and/or banking experience preferred
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 Posted by
 Derek Kokich
 share this job
 Powered by
