Engineering Manager, Sales and Marketing Platforms
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 The Sales and Marketing Platforms group at Square is a rapidly growing team. We are building out the next generation of infrastructure for Square's web presence and sales lead generation, and we are seeking an engineering manager to help build out some of our critical data infrastructure.
 You'll be responsible for some exciting big-data ingestion and matching tools that have the potential to truly shape how Square identifies with its new customers.
 You will:
 Mentor and develop a talented team of backend engineers in their technical output and career growth
 Work with the team and its tech lead to define the architecture of high-performance data ingestion and matching services, using SQL, Lucene, and/or other technologies you help identify
 Liaise with stakeholders to ensure the team provides the most appropriate services to its customers 
 Plan and assign work to balance the team's capacity with the relative priority of stakeholder requests
 Work with your team to find new ways in which your products can make a difference at Square
 Qualifications
 You have:
 8 + years of software development or equivalent experience
 1 + year of management or equivalent experience
 Experience developing product infrastructure and web services
 Experience developing server-side code (Java or Ruby is a bonus but not required)
 BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience
 Innate curiosity and a desire to be responsible for all aspects of building Square's sales and marketing platform in a small, highly focused, and very rapidly growing team
 You must deeply enjoy moving quickly, creating a great team culture, and shipping production software.
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
