Software Engineer, Developer Identity and Access Management
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 The Developer Platform team is responsible for APIs that external developers use to build apps on Square's platform and enabling all internal teams to have public APIs. We provide third party developers with the tools to create solutions for both existing Square merchants and entirely new customers. Our engineering team has one simple but lofty goal: convert Square from a product company into a platform company.
 You will:
 Help us iterate and integrate our identity and access management systems across Square products and APIs
 Work with internal teams to help them develop world-class platform APIs
 Develop tools in conjunction with the Developers and Application Security teams to proactively audit our systems
 Work with program managers, technical writers, and third party developers to refine our API authentication and authorization flows
 Qualifications
 You have:
 A strong desire to perform and grow as an engineer
 A bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or equivalent
 Demonstrated your love for engineering through side projects, research, or open source contribution
 Comfortable working in or learning Ruby, Java, and Go
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
