Product Manager
 Atlanta, GA, USA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all. We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly. We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location. Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 As a Product Manager at Square, you will be responsible for driving product initiatives from inception through execution. In this role you will collaborate closely with designers, engineers, analysts, and other cross-functional team members within the organization to ensure that our products amaze and delight our users. You also will play a key role in building up the Product discipline in Atlanta.
 You will:
 Own delivery of product initiatives and releases
 Write user narratives to imagine the experience a customer may have
 Define, document, and communicate objectives, requirements and constraints for product initiatives and releases
 Collaborate with engineers and designers to edit the service and product
 Communicate development status and document progress toward milestones
 Prioritize and sequence product initiatives against a mandate
  
 Perform market research and analysis
 Qualifications
 You have:
 Natural leadership instincts with proven ability to innovate
 4+ years of product management experience
 An entrepreneurial work style, you're a self-starter
 Excellent organization skills
 Ability to work well with designers and engineers
 An analytical and metrics driven work style
 Great interpersonal and communication skills
 Prior experience at a startup or consumer internet company
 Comfort in a fast-paced and dynamic environment
 Passion for Square and new technology
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 Posted by
 Nathan Rhodes
 share this job
 Powered by
