Product Specialist, Customer Support
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 Square’s Product Specialists believe that Support has the pulse of our products’ viability and health, and that customer feedback must play a vital role in the product lifecycle. Our key roles include advocating on behalf of our Supporters, raising the voice of our Sellers to the highest levels internally, and ensuring Support has the tools and information they need to provide excellent service to our Sellers.
 In this role, you’ll work to execute on this vision by using all data and tools available, both quantitative and qualitative, to identify high leverage improvements that can be made to the customer experience. You’ll drive upstream solutions in the product, and collaborate on the go-to-market roadmap for new feature development. You’ll also collaborate with our cross-functional launch teams to ensure our Supporters are prepared to deliver an excellent experience for any upcoming changes.
 You will:
 Know the product in intimate detail, including top customer pain points and feature requests
 Uncover important themes in customer feedback through qualitative and quantitative analysis, and identify issues that drive contact volume, cost, and dissatisfaction
 Be an internal advocate for both the Support team, and Square’s Sellers, to drive regular improvements
 Work closely with product teams to monitor the health of their product and corresponding support metrics
 Project manage product and feature launches for the Support team, to ensure the on-time arrival of our content and Supporter training
 Serve as the cross-functional partner, and knowledge expert, representing Support for other teams within the company
 Shadow and interact with Supporters and Community Managers on a regular basis to capitalize on their expertise and insight
 Set and work towards quarterly targets relating to customer satisfaction, and contact volume metrics
 Qualifications
 You have:
 4+ years of work experience, with at least 2 years experience as a Product Specialist
 Solid project management skills, with demonstrated experience delivering on a deadline
 Creative problem-solving abilities and a passion for innovation
 Strong analytical mindset to collect and interpret data to solve problems
 The ability to effectively influence and communicate cross-functionally
 Superb attention to detail
 A passion for Square, a strong sense of product design, and the customer experience
 Even Better:
 Experience using SQL to write specific queries, and pull reports
 Ability to manipulate, analyze, and visualize data through tools (e.g. Excel, Tableau, Sheets) to gain insights or tell a story
 An understanding of the product lifecycle
 Experience working with product managers, engineers, and customers
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
