Lead Product Quality Analyst, Hardware
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 As the Product Quality Lead for Square Hardware you will be responsible for analyzing in market product performance for all hardware products. You will work with product managers to identify the appropriate metrics to track, ensure appropriate tracking is in place, identify quality issues and manage the initial stages of failure analysis and troubleshooting. 
 You will:
 Work with product managers to define and build out metrics for new and existing products
 Actively monitor product in field performance data of new and existing products and provide input to the factory quality team
 Build tools to track and monitor product performance with relational databases and SQL
 Conduct initial Investigation for product issues and identify failures through root cause analysis
 Work cross functionally across hardware and other internal groups to triage any product quality issues that come up
 Qualifications
 You have:
 7 - 10 years of experience in a product quality role at a consumer electronics company 
 2 - 5 years of experience leading product for a product line or family
 BA/BS degree, preferably in a technical field
 Excellent analytical and communication skills
 Strong proficiency with relational databases and SQL
 Proven ability to lead cross functional efforts
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
