Communications Designer
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 ***For consideration, please submit a link to your portfolio***
 Our Communications team is made up of tough, quick-witted, entrepreneurial, and intellectually-curious people. We communicate to the world Square’s mission to make commerce easy, and how we empower sellers with beautifully simple tools that give them an advantage where they previously and unfairly had none. 
 Square is seeking extraordinary visual designers to join our Communications team. You will be responsible for helping to craft and shape the narrative of our company and products, via both internal and external-facing work. We pride ourselves on rethinking established systems and redefining elegance in software. Designers at Square take projects from napkin sketches to final visual specifications. You will work closely with senior leadership and teams across Square, including investor relations, marketing, finance, product, engineering, business, sales, and customer support.
 You will:
 Work closely with corporate, product, internal, and international communications, data scientists, and our executive team to tell Square’s story through visual design 
 Conceptualize and lead creative design projects that highlight Square’s sellers and purpose of economic empowerment
 Support Square’s capital markets communications (quarterly earnings, investor relations, public filings, etc.) 
 Create presentations for senior executives for use with internal and external audiences
 Work closely with cross-functional teams to ensure that all visuals are “on brand”
 Qualifications
 You have:
 At least 4 years of design experience
 A 
 solid portfolio of visual design projects
 Expertise in developing data visualization, visual storytelling, visual design, and information architecture
 Ability to turn complex ideas into simple and engaging visuals
 Experience with presentation design and narrative storytelling
 All the skills needed to manage a project from concept to implementation
 Demonstrated comfort with an iterative design process that includes accepting and acting on feedback and constructive criticism
 Ability to clearly articulate your design decisions 
 Strong communications, writing, and editing skills 
 Excellent collaboration skills, a strong work ethic, and a sense of humor
 Even better:
 Background developing narrative-based illustrations
 Expertise in Keynote, Google Slides, Figma or Sketch, Illustrator, InDesign
 Experience with motion design and related software
 Experience creating interactive graphics, using HTML, CSS, and D3.js
 Photography experience
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 Videos To Watch
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
