Growth & Retention Marketing Manager
 London, United Kingdom
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 We started with a simple idea—that everyone should be able to accept credit and debit cards—and we’ve been rethinking buying and selling ever since. Square currently operates in 5 markets globally and 
 this role is based in our London office.
 We are looking for a strategic, creative and results-oriented marketer to own our Growth & Retention Marketing efforts in the UK. 
 You will be responsible for developing and executing a strategy to drive growth across our merchant base using our scalable marketing channels, including email, in-app and dashboard campaigns. 
 You Will:
 Own overall communication with our UK customer base via our scalable marketing channels
 Be responsible for end to end campaign execution, including ideation & campaign development, segmentation and targeting, copywriting and creative development, managing cross-functional hand-offs, and reporting results to our senior leadership team
 Collaborate with UK marketing, partnerships, sales, account management and content counterparts to deliver on cross-functional strategies and plans
 Work closely with the other GRM teams to leverage best practices and share learnings
 Identify opportunities for generating growth, designing experiments to test hypotheses and implement them at scale
 Be a highly metrics-oriented marketer, comfortable measuring and reporting on the performance of your campaigns
 Own and report on key metrics within marketing, including active rate, seller churn, revenue growth, product penetration
 Qualifications
 You Have:
 A Bachelor’s Degree
 2-4 years of work experience in marketing, consulting, finance, or product management
 Quantitative analysis and logical reasoning skills; experience using database (SQL) and visualization tools (e.g. Looker) for analysis
 Lifecycle marketing experience, with email / drip marketing experience a nice to have
 Proficiency in SQL required; must at least be comfortable adapting and troubleshooting SQL queries to run customer segmentation, while experience writing own queries preferred
 Experience copywriting for the UK market
 Basic experience with HTML and CSS (or willingness to learn)
 The ability to clearly communicate complex results to business partners
 Creativity in developing actionable analysis and recommendations
 Self-starter attitude and high degree of motivation to go above and beyond the task at hand
 An ability to succeed in a collaborative, start-up environment
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
