Software Engineer (Fullstack/Server), Customers
 San Francisco, CA
 Full-time
 Company Description
 We believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. So we’re building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  We started with a little white credit card reader but haven’t stopped there. Our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and NFC payments, and our Cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   We’re empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  Let’s shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
 Job Description
 The Customer Engagement team’s mission is to help merchants grow their business by giving them tools to know, support, engage, and acquire their customers. Our product suite includes CRM, omni-channel marketing (e.g. email, social, advertising), feedback and messaging, loyalty and rewards. Square offers a seamless and simple solution that saves merchants time and eliminates the uncertainty and stress of marketing their business.
 As an engineer on the Customer Engagement team you will...
 Work closely with product managers, designers, and internal teams to understand customer needs
 Own and develop new features that help our merchants connect with, engage and excite their customers
 Integrate our technology with third-party APIs and other Square systems
 Write concise, well-organized code and sensible tests
 Design scalable, highly-available systems that handles millions of marketing messages
 Have the opportunity to explore and build features across the entire technical stack, from the database all the way to the clients
 Be given opportunities to stretch yourself by learning new technologies and take on bigger responsibilities
 Qualifications
 You have...
 4+ years of experience developing production software
 2+ years in Back End/ Application development in Ruby on Rails, Python/Django, etc
 Experience working with relational databases (MySQL, PostgreSQL)
 Strong knowledge of CS fundamentals and code organization best practices
 A strong sense of customer empathy and desire to influence the product direction
 A Computer Science or other technical degree
 Bonus points if...
 You have past experience integrating with external APIs and providing polished APIs for third parties
 You have built systems that make use of complex job queues and offline processing
 You have experience with or a desire to learn Javascript/Ember.js, Java and/or Golang
 Technologies we use at Square:
 Ruby / Rails, Protocol Buffers, Golang, Java
 Ember.js, ES6, Sass
 Android, iOS/Cocoa
 Additional Information
 At Square, we value diversity and always treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
 I'm interested
 I'm interested
 Refer a friend
 share this job
 Powered by
