Experience in loan servicing and customer support, particularly in complaints management is a big plus
Experience in loan servicing and customer support, particularly in complaints management is a big plus
Experience in loan servicing and customer support, particularly in dispute and/or chargeback handling is a big plus
Experience in loan servicing and customer support, particularly in dispute and/or chargeback handling is a big plus
Affirm strives to reimagine consumer finance from the ground up, including compliance. As such, Affirm seeks a Compliance Technical Analyst, to contribute to a strong, data-driven compliance and risk management culture. The analyst will help build a strong culture of compliance through ensuring regulatory compliance risks are identified, monitored, mitigated, and reported out on an ongoing basis.Working across the Compliance, Legal, and Risk departments, the Analyst will support the overall requirements of Affirm’s compliance program and help to build management reporting; assist with testing and monitoring requests; transaction rules; and data management requirements associated with a consumer lending portfolio.A successful candidate for this role will have outstanding analytical and technical skills, an ability to anticipate and deliver on the needs of a fast-paced and innovative business, and the flexibility to manage a wide range of projects simultaneously. At Affirm we are using technology to re-imagine and re-build core parts of financial infrastructure to enable cheaper, friendlier and more transparent financial products and services that improve lives.We believe the financial industry is fundamentally broken. Not only is the core infrastructure built with technology from the 1970s, but there are a dwindling number of people who say "I trust my bank to look out for me". It doesn’t have to be this way, and it’s our mission to fix this problem.We are based in San Francisco; founded by Max Levchin (founding CTO of PayPal), Jeff Kaditz (CDO DeNA/ngmoco), and Nathan Gettings (founding CTO of Palantir); and building a team of exceptionally talented people to join us on our mission.
Develop and implement tools for evaluating and mitigating compliance risks with a primary focus on building out KRIs/KPIs, management reporting, fair lending risk, transaction monitoring rules, and supporting the testing and monitoring program
Affirm strives to reimagine consumer finance from the ground up, including compliance. As such, Affirm seeks a Compliance Technical Analyst, to contribute to a strong, data-driven compliance and risk management culture. The analyst will help build a strong culture of compliance through ensuring regulatory compliance risks are identified, monitored, mitigated, and reported out on an ongoing basis.Working across the Compliance, Legal, and Risk departments, the Analyst will support the overall requirements of Affirm’s compliance program and help to build management reporting; assist with testing and monitoring requests; transaction rules; and data management requirements associated with a consumer lending portfolio.A successful candidate for this role will have outstanding analytical and technical skills, an ability to anticipate and deliver on the needs of a fast-paced and innovative business, and the flexibility to manage a wide range of projects simultaneously. At Affirm we are using technology to re-imagine and re-build core parts of financial infrastructure to enable cheaper, friendlier and more transparent financial products and services that improve lives.We believe the financial industry is fundamentally broken. Not only is the core infrastructure built with technology from the 1970s, but there are a dwindling number of people who say "I trust my bank to look out for me". It doesn’t have to be this way, and it’s our mission to fix this problem.We are based in San Francisco; founded by Max Levchin (founding CTO of PayPal), Jeff Kaditz (CDO DeNA/ngmoco), and Nathan Gettings (founding CTO of Palantir); and building a team of exceptionally talented people to join us on our mission.
Develop and implement tools for evaluating and mitigating compliance risks with a primary focus on building out KRIs/KPIs, management reporting, fair lending risk, transaction monitoring rules, and supporting the testing and monitoring program
Provide cash flow forecasts to support corporate finance modeling and capital allocation considerations
Provide cash flow forecasts to support corporate finance modeling and capital allocation considerations
We’re looking for intelligent, driven professionals to join our new Finance Operations team.  The group is responsible for supporting the Accounting, Finance and Capital Markets teams with core operational activities. The ideal candidate will have strong interpersonal skills while working cross functionally between teams and technical skills to back up their recommendations.
We’re looking for intelligent, driven professionals to join our new Finance Operations team.  The group is responsible for supporting the Accounting, Finance and Capital Markets teams with core operational activities. The ideal candidate will have strong interpersonal skills while working cross functionally between teams and technical skills to back up their recommendations.
Design and implement new product features, as well as extend core platform services and APIs to support those features
Design and implement new product features, as well as extend core platform services and APIs to support those features
Affirm is a data-driven financial technology company. Data is core to our decision making processes, from validating identities and detecting fraud, to credit underwriting and servicing. We seek to revolutionize the credit system by building more holistic, accurate, and democratic alternatives to incumbent systems and methods.Machine learning is a critical tool in this effort, and as a member of the software engineering team, you will work on building, optimizing, and supporting these machine learning systems both offline and real time.At Affirm we are using technology to re-imagine and re-build core parts of financial infrastructure to enable cheaper, friendlier and more transparent financial products and services that improve lives.We believe the financial industry is fundamentally broken. Not only is the core infrastructure built with technology from the 1970s, but there are a dwindling number of people who say "I trust my bank to look out for me". It doesn’t have to be this way, and it’s our mission to fix this problem.We are based in San Francisco; founded by Max Levchin (founding CTO PayPal), Jeff Kaditz (CDO DeNA/ngmoco), and Nathan Gettings (founding CTO of Palantir); and building a team of exceptionally talented people to join us on our mission.
Develop the core decisioning service supporting our machine learning models in production
Affirm is a data-driven financial technology company. Data is core to our decision making processes, from validating identities and detecting fraud, to credit underwriting and servicing. We seek to revolutionize the credit system by building more holistic, accurate, and democratic alternatives to incumbent systems and methods.Machine learning is a critical tool in this effort, and as a member of the software engineering team, you will work on building, optimizing, and supporting these machine learning systems both offline and real time.At Affirm we are using technology to re-imagine and re-build core parts of financial infrastructure to enable cheaper, friendlier and more transparent financial products and services that improve lives.We believe the financial industry is fundamentally broken. Not only is the core infrastructure built with technology from the 1970s, but there are a dwindling number of people who say "I trust my bank to look out for me". It doesn’t have to be this way, and it’s our mission to fix this problem.We are based in San Francisco; founded by Max Levchin (founding CTO PayPal), Jeff Kaditz (CDO DeNA/ngmoco), and Nathan Gettings (founding CTO of Palantir); and building a team of exceptionally talented people to join us on our mission.
Develop the core decisioning service supporting our machine learning models in production
Affirm is a data-driven financial technology company. Machine learning is core to our decision making processes, from validating identities and detecting fraud, to credit underwriting and servicing. We seek to revolutionize the credit system by building higher quality alternatives to incumbent systems and methods.We are looking for a staff level software engineer to lead our platform efforts in machine learning. You will be a technical leader within the engineering team, leading a team of engineers in developing an integrated system to support offline research, feature engineering, and model development, as well as robust and reliable execution of online decision systems. As a member of the Risk Engineering team, you will work closely with data scientists in our Risk and Analytics organization to build, test, deploy, and maintain software that enables them to work more efficiently and effectively.
Designing and developing machine learning systems that support our identity verification, fraud detection, credit underwriting, and servicing functions
Affirm is a data-driven financial technology company. Machine learning is core to our decision making processes, from validating identities and detecting fraud, to credit underwriting and servicing. We seek to revolutionize the credit system by building higher quality alternatives to incumbent systems and methods.We are looking for a staff level software engineer to lead our platform efforts in machine learning. You will be a technical leader within the engineering team, leading a team of engineers in developing an integrated system to support offline research, feature engineering, and model development, as well as robust and reliable execution of online decision systems. As a member of the Risk Engineering team, you will work closely with data scientists in our Risk and Analytics organization to build, test, deploy, and maintain software that enables them to work more efficiently and effectively.
Designing and developing machine learning systems that support our identity verification, fraud detection, credit underwriting, and servicing functions
Work cross functionally to design and maintain a world class financial system of record which supports Accounting, Audit, Compliance and Servicing, and provide services to Underwriting as well as reporting for Investors, Merchants and Platform Partners
Work cross functionally to design and maintain a world class financial system of record which supports Accounting, Audit, Compliance and Servicing, and provide services to Underwriting as well as reporting for Investors, Merchants and Platform Partners
Experience building and scaling customer support operations, particularly in a dynamic, fast paced retail, restaurant, startup or tech environment
We are seeking a highly motivated and resourceful individual to lead members of Square’s Customer Support team. You’ll not only lead a team of passionate Supporters, you’ll also build out world class operations - optimizing all support channels including, but not limited to, email, Twitter, chat, and phone - all while strengthening team culture, driving customer happiness, and promoting employee success.
Experience building and scaling customer support operations, particularly in a fast-paced startup or tech environment
Squares know that great customer support is provided by both people and products. We are seeking a
highly motivated  and resourceful individual dedicated to providing world-class support by exceeding expectations through each interaction with Square merchants and customers. In this role, you will work directly with sellers to assist them through the fraud account review process, a critical moment for Square and our sellers. You will educate sellers on the account review process, guiding them to ensure they complete the necessary steps, including submitting documentation. You will empower sellers with an understanding of this important account review process, leverage strong de-escalation skills, and ensure our sellers feel supported.
Squares know that great customer support is provided by both people and products. We are seeking a highly motivated and resourceful individual who is dedicated to providing world-class support by exceeding expectations through each interaction with Square merchants and customers. They will use their proximity to customers to identify issues that will continually improve the customer experience. The ideal candidate is a fiercely loyal advocate for our customers, a creative problem-solver, and a collaborative team member. This person is energized by working with people, while still being a strong independent worker.
Proven history of customer support (preferred)
Provide email, phone, SMS, Twitter support to customers and restaurants
Design, build, and support integrations for premier merchants and partners using Square’s platform APIs
The ability to garner support from internal experts and external partners to position Caviar against competition
Collaborate with GSM/CM to support securing Square consigned material for development builds. Work with GSM on vendor management and maintaining schedules for the delivery of vendor components (DRP report)
Scale global fraud support for multiple products while optimizing operational efficiency and quality.
Our business is growing at a fast pace and we need to continue to grow our world-class courier fleet. You’ll be responsible for helping grow and support our courier fleets in each of our Bay Area markets. Our couriers are a critical piece to our three-sided marketplace and are on the front lines of Square’s mission, economic empowerment. Your focus will be to lead the orientation process for couriers and support the active fleet.
You will be instrumental in supporting our couriers both via email and in person. The ideal candidate is a fiercely loyal advocate for our couriers, a creative problem-solver, and a collaborative team member. This person is energized by working with people, while still being a strong independent worker.
Interface directly with couriers and provide exceptional live and email support to our couriers.
Guide and support couriers through our remote courier orientation process.
0-2 years of work experience, preferably with some experience in customer support or operations
Become familiar with the online research platforms to best support research projects.
Personal mission of supporting local businesses
Work closely with Product Marketing leadership to support cross-functional initiatives
5+ years working in a product marketing or growth capacity (partnered closely with product management and/or engineering to represent market requirements and with sales to support product launches)
Work cross-functionally with the product, product marketing, creative and other organic channel leads to support existing and new products and fuel growth
Design and execute creative strategies and marketing campaigns to support product launches, fuel growth, and increase customer engagement
To support our rapid growth in Australia, we’re looking for an energetic and customer-focused Events & Partnership Lead, to help develop and implement the local growth strategy to support the growing list of events who choose to use Square. You’ll help shape the future direction of Square in Australia whilst ensuing that we have a strong pipeline of growth and become a key member of the team.
Provide hands-on Support at key events when required and build a long term strategy for Square being able to offer onsite support via partnerships or temporary resources
We are looking for a highly driven and detail-orientated Event Associate capable of supporting our goal of seamless operational delivery and helping to grow our Events business..This role will focus on event delivery and support both in office and on site at events and will report into the Partnerships Lead.
Provide operational support on site
3 years experience in customer support or event production role which must include face to face support for a technical product
Design and execute qualitative research projects to support marketing, product, and cross-functional teams on a wide variety of domains, including customer needs, product development, and customer communications
Square is seeking an exceptional corporate counsel that will be primarily responsible for supporting the company’s corporate development efforts. You will play a key role in supporting the company’s M&A and other corporate development activities, including the due diligence process. The corporate counsel will also help support other general corporate matters. As we expand our offerings, your ideas and contributions will make an immediate impact. A creative legal mind, an extreme attention to detail, and a sense of adventure are all required.
We are seeking an attorney who will play a key role in providing guidance on payments regulatory issues related to Square’s rapidly expanding payments activities. As we expand our offerings, your ideas and contributions will make a significant impact. You will assist with the full range of financial services regulatory requirements applicable to online and offline payments, including FinCEN regulations, network rules, anti-money laundering processes, KYC obligations, and other licensing regimes. You will help to establish and maintain company-wide programs to support regulatory compliance in our products and activities. You will work closely with external advisors and internal experts regarding the many aspects of legal compliance, including the company’s cross-functional payments team. You will report to the managing attorney of the payments legal group.
Manage a team of 4+ attorneys and non-attorneys supporting Square Capital
Partner with the broader legal team to share information about lending regulatory, product and business developments to facilitate efficient and transparent legal support across the department
will help bring Square Capital’s innovative financial products and services to market. As the lead of the legal team that supports Square Capital, you
Develop and implement standards, policies and processes for: oncall support, change/incident management, service delivery, system architecture, disaster recovery and purchasing.
7+ years experience in a hands-on role supporting Oracle Financials and be able to drill down to the details is required.
Work with Squares across the company (business, finance, marketing, product, engineering, customer support) as the business partner in using Salesforce to gain operational efficiencies
We are looking for an organized recruiting coordinator to support our team of recruiters. In this role you will serve as a Square ambassador and ensure that every candidate has the best possible experience.
Apply an analytical approach to support strategic decisions, with a focus on capital allocation, user behavior analysis, LTV / ROI, pricing, and deal negotiation support
Prepare analysis and support communication to product leaders, board members and executive staff
You will be responsible for partnering with MSPI to form our annual and long term marketing, partnership and sales plans and working with our international leads to inform investment decision making to enable our global market expansion.  You will also engage on cross-functional initiatives to ensure alignment in support of our key growth pillars.  You will manage a team of five Finance & Strategy professionals with backgrounds in investment banking, corporate finance and private equity.  This person will report into Square’s Head of Finance & Strategy.
Build extensive, reliable support for product data logging and metrics
Design data models to support application features
Universal linking support, which allows marketing campaigns to directly link into features within the app, for better conversion.
The Customer Engagement team’s mission is to help merchants grow their business by giving them tools to know, support, engage, and acquire their customers. Our product suite includes CRM, omni-channel marketing (e.g. email, social, advertising), feedback and messaging, loyalty and rewards. Square offers a seamless and simple solution that saves merchants time and eliminates the uncertainty and stress of marketing their business.
Get a balanced, supportive, fun working environment, and career path.
Build extensive, reliable support for product data logging and metrics.
Prepare month-end journal entries, account reconciliations, and supporting schedules
Provide mentorship and review support for engineering teams working with our technologies.
Integrate seamlessly with Square’s deployment, monitoring, logging and alerting tools. Provides the necessary glue code and idiomatic support for each supported platform.
Integrate seamlessly with Square’s data storage systems, and provides the necessary glue code and idiomatic support for each supported platform.
Provide mentorship and review support for engineering teams working with a wide array of technologies.
This person will support engineers by designing and maintaining cutting-edge automation systems to ensure we deploy code with amazing quality and speed. The SET will research and define our tool strategy to increase our automated test coverage.
Improve our existing test automation frameworks and infrastructure (Espresso) and support engineers in writing additional UI tests
• At least one year of hands-on experience in a role supporting technical infrastructure
Our team's platform is changing the growth trajectory of small businesses. Square's purpose is to enable economic empowerment - we believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. Helping people reach this will create a better world. We started with a little white credit card reader, and have grown to support merchants as they grow: payroll, e-commerce, retail, delivery, inventory / catalog management, loans, marketing, loyalty, and more. We’re here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business - read and watch videos of us helping people
Partner with all parts of the Capital organization including marketing, product, engineering, and support to maintain a
Drive cross functional analytics projects from beginning to end: build relationships with partner teams, frame and structure questions, collect and analyze data, as well as summarize and present key insights in support of decision making
Square is seeking an experienced and skilled individual to support our Melbourne office.  As the office manager you will act as the primary person responsible for ensuring that the office environment runs smoothly and proficiently while simultaneously ensuring that the office’s culture runs in parallel to our company culture. You’re collaborative and work well with others, supporting anyone when needed. You are a natural leader who also thrives when working independently.  You are organized and methodical in your approach to work, yet you bring a creative touch to what you do.  You are passionate about Square’s mission in the world and strive to tell that story, both in and outside of your work environment.
Provide administrative support for local team
Act as cross-functional support for local teams
Collaborate with and provide local support for a variety of home office functions (HR, Recruiting, Finance, Legal, Security, etc.)
Experience supporting facilities/ construction projects preferred
Demonstrated administrative experience supporting a team in a fast-paced environment
Provide supporting documents for audit
Development of financial analytics to support commercial term negotiations with performance dashboards and ROI based evaluation tools
Coordinate with internal and external auditors on the annual SOX testing plan and provide support to them to ensure timely and smooth completion of SOX projects
As a Summer of 2018 Uber intern, you will get the chance to learn how we’re making cities safer, smarter, and more connected. With the opportunity to immerse yourself in projects with real world impact, your work will be visible and meaningful. From building solutions to increase driver-partner supply hours with City Operations, or analysing data and metrics in order to revolutionize how we support our community with Community Operations, you will get to be an integral of our various teams based in Singapore.
Uber Engineering is a high-performance culture marked by fearlessness and hyper productivity. We’re looking for fantastic interns who can work harder, faster, and smarter without sacrificing technical excellence. Our organizational challenges are unique, so you should be comfortable in uncharted territory and pumped to build systems that can support cities of 100,000 and 10 million people alike.
Uber Engineering is a high-performance culture marked by fearlessness and hyper productivity. We’re looking for fantastic interns who can work harder, faster, and smarter without sacrificing technical excellence. Our organizational challenges are unique, so you should be comfortable in uncharted territory and pumped to build systems that can support cities of 100,000 and 10 million people alike.
Uber Engineering is a high-performance culture marked by fearlessness and hyperproductivity. We’re looking for fantastic New Grads who can work harder, faster, and smarter without sacrificing technical excellence. Our organizational challenges are unique, so you should be comfortable in uncharted territory and pumped to build systems that can support cities of 100,000 and 10 million people alike.
The chance to work on a fast-paced team that supports innovation and creativity in building security solutions
Provide support in refining and implementing process, procedures, and standards that are consistent with industry best practices.
Uber Engineering is a culture of opportunities marked by fearlessness and hyperproductivity. We’re looking for engineers and senior engineers with natural product intuition who can work harder, faster, and smarter without sacrificing technical excellence. Our organizational challenges are unique, so you should be comfortable in uncharted territory and pumped to build systems that can support cities of 100,000 and 10 million people alike.
Strong architecture chops. You know how to build highly scalable, robust, and fault-tolerant services that support our unique rate-of-growth requirements. You stay up-to-date with the latest architectural trends.
Provide constructive support and clear guidance to LERT Specialists.
Foster a supportive and collaborative environment for teamwork.
Provide constructive support and clear guidance to LERT Specialists and LERT Triage team.
Foster a supportive and collaborative environment for teamwork.
Foster a supportive and collaborative environment for teamwork.
Proactively remove obstacles to drive momentum and progress. Identify communication gaps, manage issue escalations and provide support to teams balancing competing priorities. Drive results proactively.
The solutions support diverse use cases e.g. rider/driver/eater, enterprise/business customers, developers, third party application embed integrations, third party identity providers integrations, B2B & API authentication, Autonomous Vehicles authentication etc.
Effective prioritization and timely resolution for all issues and feature requests from external users, product management, operations and support teams
As a leader in Technical Security, you will be responsible for building a world-class program around our physical security access control and identity management. You will work on a globally focused projects, creating and implementing processes to support the fast paced needs of the business.
Working to ensure that the regulatory framework in every country supports ridesharing apps like Uber.
Drive marketing content - Oversee the creation of safety materials that are strategic to the company, including new research and consumer-facing content that supports the trust and safety brand strategy. Serve as an editor of related marketing content that leverages the safety story.
As the lead Product Manager for UberEverything Logistics, you will envision and execute on a strategy for how we make our dispatch decisions. How do we ensure reliable delivery during peak times? How do we tune dispatch decisions so that we can maximize courier efficiency? How can we evolve dispatch so that it can support all types of deliveries (cars, bikes, scooters, etc)? As the Product Manager for UberEverything Logistics, these are the types of questions you will wrestle with every day. You will own this critical component of our new businesses, working closely with Data Science on modeling and algorithms.
Enhance and scale the Rider Fares engine that powers Uber’s pricing to support Uber’s exponential growth.
Continually improve ongoing reporting and analysis processes; automating or simplifying self-service support for secondary datasets
As a Senior Product Manager for Customer Obsession, you will be responsible for the strategy and development of self-service and proactive support systems to deliver exceptional customer experiences across mobile, web and in-person engagement platforms for Riders, Drivers, Eaters, Restaurants and Businesses using Uber. You will be using best of breed technologies, and latest machine learning and data science techniques to accomplish this at scale that has never been done before in the industry.
• Help define the future of accessibility at Uber ATG to ensure we’re fulfilling our mission of providing transportation as reliable as running water everywhere, for everyone. • Lead the accessibility technology roadmap from end-to-end, scoping out and working with a team of Engineers, Designers, and UX Researchers to build new features and offerings to meet the needs of the riders and drivers who use our products. • Represent the accessibility team in communication across the company and help ensure accessibility is viewed as priority in all functions • Review existing Uber ATG products and provide feedback to ensure compatibility with assistive technologies • Ensure that Uber ATG engineering teams have the knowledge and tools to build accessibility into their own products and provide support where necessary
Manage end-to-end localization of Uber products across all supported languages including initial planning & consultation, delivery of localized content, LQAs, and bug routing
Identify Localization tool & process gaps and work with Localization Operations to enable better support
Manage end-to-end marketing localization of Uber products across all supported languages, from initial planning & consultation, to delivery of localized contents, LQAs, and bug routing
As a leader in the product management team for Customer Obsession, you will be responsible for the strategy and development of self-service and proactive support systems to deliver exceptional customer experiences across mobile, web and in-person engagement platforms for Riders, Drivers, Eaters, Restaurants and Businesses using Uber. You will be using best of breed technologies, and latest machine learning and data science techniques to accomplish this at scale that has never been done before in the industry.
We build the entire customer support infrastructure and our mission is to make Uber the preferred choice by delivering exceptional customer experiences through continuous investments in best of breed, self-service and proactive support systems. We set out to do that every single day by building scalable platforms that all of Uber’s growing businesses can plug into.
The ability to build teams to support our long term strategy. This position will uphold high hiring standards continuously and drive process improvement to hire engineering team members faster.
You'll be tasked with supporting our hiring managers, building high-performance teams and partnering wherever needed.
This role is responsible for managing the Programs, Analysis & Innovations [PAI] Program Team and the Clearinghouse process in support of the Places (Workplace) team. The Clearinghouse is the mechanism that assesses inbound requests, processes, gains consensus, and delivers solutions. These requests can be sourced from PAI internally, Global leadership and external global business leads. This role will be based in San Francisco and report to the Sr. Manager of PAI and be part of our Global People & Places Organization.
Assist with process development, review, and continual refinement to support HQ teams
Building teams to support our long term strategy. This position will uphold a high hiring bar continuously and drive process improvement to hire Operations talent faster.
As the People Support Team Lead, you will be the functional lead for a team of  3 People Operations Generalists in Brazil and Mexico. The Generalists are primarily responsible for supporting employees and managers with basic inquiries and implementing global and local HR processes and programs within their region or function.
Uber’s People Support team provides HR support and guidance to managers and employees to ensure that our global employee population has a fantastic experience at Uber, from onboarding onward. We’re the center-point between the different functional areas, the jack-of-all-trades who know the answers to employee questions, and if not, how to connect people who do. Based around the world, we improve people systems and processes, thinking globally and acting locally to ensure employees across Uber can focus on the work they were hired to do.
Lead and support a team of 4 People Operations Generalists responsible for the operations support behind the entire employee lifecycle - from offer letter through last day of work. Continuously coach and develop the team to ensure goals are met.
Partner with HR Business Partners, Legal, Payroll and other functional teams to ensure a comprehensive employee-centric approach to HR processes and make sure we are supporting them in solving our toughest people problems.
Provide HR support to the business, advising first-line and first-time managers on performance management, basic employee relations, policies, and other HR-related topics.
A minimum of 5 years of prior experience in HR support or service in a data driven organization is expected, but we will consider candidates with less experience if they meet our other requirements
A good understanding of HR processes and requirements and to be an exceptional project manager who is able to implement new projects, support employees and coach and grow your team all in a day’s work.
We’re looking for a People Operations Generalist in Phoenix to support our employee population in Phoenix- someone who is passionate about finding ways to best support our growing Uber family. The People Operations Generalist  is primarily responsible for supporting employees and managers with basic inquiries and implementing global and local HR processes and programs within their region or function.
Provide HR support to the business, advising first-line and first-time managers on performance management, basic employee relations, policies, and other HR-related topics
The People Team at Uber enables business success by supporting HR programs and services. They support the organisation for all people needs, from onboarding to learning to benefits and more. They are the people for people and provides programs and services to help employees thrive at Uber.
Provide ongoing performance management, employee relations, and policy guidance support to your client group.
Provide quick and timely support for escalated employee questions/issues from our People Support center in Manila.
Comfortable using data analysis to support a story.
We’re looking for a People Operations Generalist in San Francisco to support our employee population in San Francisco - someone who is passionate about finding ways to best support our growing Uber family. The People Operations Generalist  is primarily responsible for supporting employees and managers with basic inquiries and implementing global and local HR processes and programs within their region or function.
Provide HR support to the business, advising first-line and first-time managers on performance management, basic employee relations, policies, and other HR-related topics
Our People Development Manager will manage a team of trainers and content developers who own the training, onboarding, and ongoing development of our new operations hires across Uber Freight. They will report directly to the head of operations and be a critical partner with our operational leaders, ensuring that every new employee has the training, support, and tools they need to succeed in every role. The ideal candidate is experienced in scaling high performance L&D teams and has deep experience onboarding, training, and managing new hires, is a proven mentor, can dig deep into the data to improve training and onboarding processes, is always driving small improvements in process, is passionate about developing talent and motivating culture through training, and loves making something from nothing.
Continually strive to make new hires feel supported and be productive faster
You will support Uber with campus hiring initiatives, building great teams and partnerships wherever needed.
Develop recruiting teams to support our long term strategy. This position will hire excellent candidates and drive improvements with a bias towards superior candidate experience.
Scope, design, and develop learning products, including assets and assessments, to support a variety of delivery types, including self-paced, mobile, video, podcast, webinar and leader-led, focusing on digital and blended content creation
Manage a team that supports all HR-related compliance activities including Global Background Checks
A true 'People First' organisation, we are investing in our People function by hiring a HR Business Partner to support our business operations in France & Western Europe.  You are effectively a consultant to leaders on business issues, and a coach to managers and employees.
The right person will thrive in an "all hands on deck" environment, loves solving people problems and can pivot quickly.  This role is all about crafting the people strategy of the Operations organization, and enriching the support structure for management.  Additionally, you will have the opportunity to help build out programs and processes from scratch.
You’ll be tasked with supporting our teams on the ground in addition to:
Natural leader.  You build relationships quickly. People look to you for direction and feel supported by you.
This role is all about collaborating on the people strategy of the Tech organization, and enriching the support structure for management. Additionally, you will have the opportunity to help create programs and processes from scratch.
The Associate HR Business Partner will align business goals with employees and management for our Operations teams. You will be a consultant to management on business issues, and a guide to managers and employees. This role is all about collaborating on the people strategy of the Ops organization, and enriching the support structure for management. Additionally, you will have the opportunity to help create programs and processes from scratch.
This role is all about collaborating on the people strategy of the G&A organization, and enriching the support structure for management. Additionally, you will have the opportunity to help create programs and processes from scratch.
Manage small to medium sized office improvement projects with the support of the Build team
Manage small to medium sized office improvement projects with the support of the Build team
As we continue to grow our global presence, we are looking for amazing Executive Assistants to support our courageous senior leaders.
Minimum 3 years of senior team level support experience
As we continue to grow our global presence, we are looking for amazing Executive Assistants to support our courageous senior leaders.
Minimum 3 years of senior team level support experience
As we continue to grow our global presence, we are looking for amazing Executive Assistants to support our courageous senior leaders.
3-5 years of senior team level support experience.
As the Director of Technical Recruiting - ATG, you will be tasked with scaling a recruiting team that will continue to staff and build a team that will define the next generation platform and tooling that supports a variety of high-reaching initiatives.
Building teams to support our long term strategy. This position will uphold a high hiring bar continuously and drive process improvement to hire eng talent faster.
As the Director of Technical Recruiting - ATG, you will be tasked with scaling a recruiting team that will continue to staff and build a team that will define the next generation platform and tooling that supports a variety of high-reaching initiatives.
Building teams to support our long term strategy. This position will uphold a high hiring bar continuously and drive process improvement to hire eng talent faster.
Our Delivery-Partners are one of the most important customers for UberEATS, and we’re building an extraordinary experience for them in our cities. Greenlight Hubs help new Delivery-Partners get on the road for the first time, build engagement with the platform over time, and provide a home base for the Delivery-Partners community. Our hubs are a one-stop shop for partners to get activated, receive support, and learn more about Uber.
Our Greenlight Manager leads the strategic vision and financial performance of a Greenlight Hubs in Tokyo and is responsible for our in-person support presences. In this role, you will lead and develop a team of Greenlight Supervisors and Greenlight Experts to provide the best possible customer support for new and existing Uber Partners. Your team will go far beyond solving issues; they will identify root causes, escalate pervasive problems, develop vendor relationships, lead the launch of new locations, and work on innovative partnerships to improve the Delivery-Partners experience.
Most importantly, your staff will take pride in being the face of Uber to our Delivery-Partners, and will treat every support interaction as an opportunity to build a better connection between Uber and the Delivery-Partners community.
At least 4 years of relevant team management experience in service delivery, customer support, brand loyalty programs or capability development
You are open and curious. You love learning how things work and you’re always looking for ways to innovate. You enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results.
Uber’s partner-drivers are some of Uber’s most important customers and the Greenlight Hub Manager is responsible for building and leading a best in class customer service experience for our drivers. You'll lead a team of Uber Experts to support existing partner-drivers and educate and excite potential partners about the life-changing flexibility & freedom of the Uber platform.
Leader in Sales and Customer Service - You'll need truly extraordinary sales skills and team development skills to be able to support and inspire partners as well as your team to deliver the Uber growth goals. Depending on the conversation, you’ll need to be able to charm or educate driver-partners and coach an enthusiastic team of Uber Experts.
Analytical ability - We take a deeply data-driven approach to running our business. In order to efficiently lead the partner support centres you’ll be managing the metrics to measure impact of your teams face-to-face interactions and use our data to make informed operational decisions.
Lead a team of sales and support-focused Uber Experts to educate partners and deliver a customer-obsessed experience in your Greenlight Hubs.
Hiring, training, supporting and leading Uber Experts of various experience levels.
Strong sales/support background with a passion for building a cohesive team.
Sales and Customer Service - Strong sales and customer service skills to support and inspire new and existing partner-drivers to achieve their goals with Uber.
Energy and Enthusiasm - A passion for Uber and its technology and the energy to provide enthusiastic presentations and personalised support all day.
Owning your personal metrics for customer support and performance
Deliver professional and personalised in-person support in every interaction with partner-drivers in the city
Strong sales/support background with a desire to be part of a cohesive team.
Sales and Customer Service - Strong sales and customer service skills to support and inspire new and existing partner-drivers to achieve their goals with Uber.
Energy and Enthusiasm - A passion for Uber and its technology and the energy to provide enthusiastic presentations and personalised support all day.
Owning your personal metrics for customer support and performance
Deliver professional and personalised in-person support in every interaction with partner-drivers in the city
Strong sales/support background with a desire to be part of a cohesive team.
Uber’s partner-drivers are some of Uber’s most important customers and our Uber Experts are responsible for creating a best in class customer experience. Based in your city’s Greenlight Hub, you'll work directly with partner-drivers to provide support, educate and excite potential partners about the life-changing flexibility & freedom of the Uber platform.
Sales and Customer Service - Strong sales and customer service skills to support and inspire new and existing partner-drivers to achieve their goals with Uber.
Energy and Enthusiasm - A passion for Uber and its technology and the energy to provide enthusiastic presentations and personalised support all day.
Owning your personal metrics for customer support and performance
Deliver professional and personalised in-person support in every interaction with partner-drivers in the city
Strong sales/support background with a desire to be part of a cohesive team.
You’ll be expected to help on-board new driver-partners, provide exceptional support, and quickly adapt in an ever-growing business. Working with Uber is a great opportunity to work with a top-notch Operations team and deep-dive into Uber’s day-to-day-operations. You will work as a consultant for Uber on a contract basis with the potential for an extension based on your performance. In the past, outstanding performers have made it to full time roles at Uber.
Deliver 5-star, in-person support to our partners
Customer support team management experience strongly preferred
We are looking to build a team of rock stars to provide quality support in our Greenlight locations in Kochi. We need people with strong communication and problem-solving skills, who don’t shy away from in-person interactions.
You’ll be expected to help on-board new driver-partners, provide exceptional support, and quickly adapt in an ever-growing business. Working with Uber is a great opportunity to work with a top-notch Operations team and deep-dive into Uber’s day-to-day-operations. You will work as a consultant for Uber on a contract basis with the potential for an extension based on your performance. In the past, outstanding performers have made it to full time roles at Uber.
Deliver 5-star, in-person support to our partners
Customer support team management experience strongly preferred
You’ll be expected to help on-board new driver-partners, provide exceptional support, and quickly adapt in an ever-growing business. Working with Uber is a great opportunity to work with a top-notch Operations team and deep-dive into Uber’s day-to-day-operations. You will work as a consultant for Uber on a contract basis with the potential for an extension based on your performance. In the past, outstanding performers have made it to full time roles at Uber.
Deliver 5-star, in-person support to our partners
Customer support team management experience strongly preferred
We are looking to build a team of rock stars to provide quality support in our Greenlight locations in Hyderabad. We need people with strong communication and problem-solving skills, who don’t shy away from in-person interactions.
You’ll be expected to help on-board new driver-partners, provide exceptional support, and quickly adapt in an ever-growing business. Working with Uber is a great opportunity to work with a top-notch Operations team and deep-dive into Uber’s day-to-day-operations. You will work as a consultant for Uber on a contract basis with the potential for an extension based on your performance. In the past, outstanding performers have made it to full time roles at Uber.
Deliver 5-star, in-person support to our partners
Customer support team management experience strongly preferred
You’ll be expected to help on-board new driver-partners, provide exceptional support, and quickly adapt in an ever-growing business. Working with Uber is a great opportunity to work with a top-notch Operations team and deep-dive into Uber’s day-to-day-operations. You will work as a consultant for Uber on a contract basis with the potential for an extension based on your performance. In the past, outstanding performers have made it to full time roles at Uber.
Deliver 5-star, in-person support to our partners
Customer support team management experience strongly preferred
Analytical Ability: We take an intensely data-driven approach to running our business. In order to efficiently manage any function at a partner support centre you’ll be creating metrics to measure impact of your teams’ face-to-face interactions and use our data to make the right, operational decisions
Customer support team management experience strongly preferred
This is first and foremost a role for a strong, analytical marketer, focusing on reaching new users and extending the Uber brand in a relevant and thoughtful way across local markets. As the RGM, you’ll also be responsible for operational excellence and maintaining and continuously improving ‘Uber’ quality throughout the Rider’s experience, customer support, local marketing, supply chain management, service quality management, social media and PR.
Work in partnership with Business Development to identify and help support relevant and value creating strategic partnerships and alliances for each of your markets
Work in partnership with Business Development to identify and help support relevant and value creating strategic partnerships and alliances for each of your markets
This is first and foremost a role for a strong marketer, focusing on reaching new users and extending the Uber brand to the masses. But as the city lead, you'll also be responsible for operational excellence and maintaining 'Uber' quality throughout the rider's experience. Rider and Partner support, local marketing, supply chain management, service quality management, social media, PR -- all of these sit under the GM. The role is centered on continual improvement and high quality. We believe in solving local problems with local solutions, so understanding your market and delivering custom messages is important. This is where creativity meets analytics.
This is a role for a strong P&L leader, focusing on scaling the Uber business in Delhi NCR profitably. In the process, get an opportunity to build one of the most exciting mobility solutions in the world. As the GM, you will be responsible for developing the strategic roadmap, executing while setting gold standards for rest of the cities and maintaining ‘Uber’ quality throughout the rider and drivers’ experience. P & L Management , Rider and Partner support, local marketing, supply chain management, service quality management, social media, PR, People Management — all of these sit under the GM. Continual improvement and a quality focus are the name of the game. We believe in solving local problems with local solutions, so understanding your market and delivering custom messages is important. This is where creativity meets analytics head on. All this while leading a large team of high performers who are bound by a common mission and vision.
10-12 years of operations management, retail management, management consulting, or support management experience
This is a role for a strong marketer, focusing on reaching new users and extending the Uber brand to the masses. But as the city lead, you’ll also be responsible for operational excellence and maintaining ‘Uber’ quality throughout the rider’s experience. P & L Management , Rider and Partner support, local marketing, supply chain management, service quality management, social media, PR, People Management — all of these sit under the GM.Continual improvement and a quality focus are the name of the game. We believe in solving local problems with local solutions, so understanding your market and delivering custom messages is important. This is where creativity meets analytics head on.
This is first and foremost a role for a strong marketer, focusing on reaching new users and extending the Uber brand to the masses. But as the city lead, you'll also be responsible for operational excellence and maintaining 'Uber' quality throughout the rider's experience. Rider and Partner support, local marketing, supply chain management, service quality management, social media, PR -- all of these sit under the GM. The role is centered on continual improvement and high quality. We believe in solving local problems with local solutions, so understanding your market and delivering custom messages is important. This is where creativity meets analytics.
As part of the UberEATS City Team, you’ll work closely with the General Manager and the Sales, Operations and Marketing teams to support processes that scale and innovate UberEATS sales from the ground up.
As part of the UberEATS City Team, you’ll work closely with the General Manager and the Sales, Operations and Marketing teams to support processes that scale and innovate UberEATS sales from the ground up.
We are looking for an Executive Assistant based in Amsterdam that can help support two Directors run their day-to-day smoothly and efficiently.
Basically, your job is to enhance the team's effectiveness by providing information, management support, representing the executive to others and generally being amazing. Up for the task? Read on!
Approximately 5-7 years' of senior team level support experience.
The Uber Freight Account Management team serves as a partner to our external clients and internal sales team anticipating challenges and presenting solutions to support Uber Freight's business objectives
Serve as a partner to our sales team anticipating challenges and presenting solutions to support Uber Freight's business objectives
Happy to shift from strategic thinking to operational work, supporting implementation.
We are seeking smart, personable, and highly organized Onboarding Specialists to support our Los Angeles city team as we continue to grow our presence. This is a non-staff position, based in our Los Angeles office. We need people with excellent communication and problem-solving skills, a logical, process-driven mindset, and a go-getter attitude. You'll be expected to help onboard new restaurants, train them to be great partners, and quickly adapt in an ever-growing business. This is truly an opportunity to work with a stellar operations team and gain invaluable experience at the ground floor of a fast growing, high impact tech organization.
We are seeking smart, personable, and highly organized Account Managers to support our Los Angeles city team as we continue to grow our presence. This is a non-staff position, based in our Los Angeles office. We need people with excellent communication and problem-solving skills, a logical, process-driven mindset, and a go-getter attitude. You'll be expected to manage active restaurant partners, provide business development support and quickly adapt in an ever-growing business. This is truly an opportunity to work with a stellar operations team and gain invaluable experience at the ground floor of a fast growing, high impact tech organization.
We’re looking for a Greenlight Supervisor to support the day-to-day operations of our Greenlight locations in Berlin. We’re looking for an experienced team leader who operates with a customer-first mentality. In this role, you’ll help to mentor and directly lead a team of Experts on how to best build Uber’s relationship with driver-partners, support their operational needs, and guide day-to-day operations of the Greenlight centers. This is a great opportunity to work with a top-notch Operations team and learn the Uber business from the ground up.
Handle escalations of more difficult support interactions
You have previous customer support team management experience
+3 years of Strategy Consulting, Accounting, Banking or similar background with previous experience using data to guide and support business decisions.
Our Operations teams are the heart and soul of Uber. These are the teams that take our global product and localize it to an assigned market, while creating thousands of economic opportunities for drivers, and making transportation cheaper and more accessible for our riders. We are in the midst of incredible growth, which requires hard work. We are looking for people who are passionate about what they do, enthusiastic about collaborating with a diverse group of colleagues, and ready to roll up their sleeves to support the growth of their city.
We are seeking a smart, personable, highly-organised Operations Coordinator to support the city team as we continue to grow our presence. This is an opportunity to work with a stellar operations team on the daily functions that are at the core of Uber. Are you ready to launch your career? Keep reading.
Minimum 1 year of Strategy Consulting, Accounting,Banking or similar background with previous experience using data to guide and support business decisions.
Uber’s driver-partners are our most important customers and the Greenlight manager will lead the charge in building a best in class customer service experience for them. You'll manage your team of Greenlight Experts, Fleet Advisers and Telemarketing Experts, to onboard partners, resolve support issues efficiently and comprehensively and treat every support interaction as an opportunity to build a better connection between Uber, Lion City Rentals and the driver community.
Analytical ability - We take an intensely data-driven approach to running our business. In order to efficiently manage the partner support centre you’ll be creating metrics to measure impact of your teams face-to-face interactions and use our data to make the right, operational decisions.
Maintaining an awesome experience in our support centre
Deliver 5-star, in-person support to our driver-partners
Work with the Driver Operations team to make our support processes even better
You will be responsible for driving analysis, developing tracking / dashboards and building processes to ensure seamless operations across India while working closely with our Ops, Product, Engineering and Legal teams. You will also be responsible for streamlining and managing Fraud & Compliance processes across the region, supporting city teams with their investigations, analyses, experiments and processes.
Develop analytical frameworks to support the company in new markets and products
The account management role at UberEATS is a hands-on role responsible for driving growth, happiness, and retention among our base of restaurant partners. This role will focus on the growth of Uber’s restaurant relationships, while providing exceptional data-driven consultation to all areas of the business. You will support a portfolio of restaurants at scale in a specific market, leveraging knowledge and relationships for various projects. This role will require the anticipation of restaurant partner needs while persistently exploring and uncovering the changing needs of of the UberEATS business and our eaters. The ideal candidate will have an "all hands on deck" attitude, will thrive in a problem solving environment, and above all else is passionate about the food and restaurant space in Canada, being someone who loves all things food is a huge plus, we are a team of avid eaters!
The Account Manager will manage relationships and be responsible for post-sale growth and support of UberEATS restaurants. Additionally, they’ll be an advisor and restaurant partner advocate within Uber.
Own relationships with UberEATS restaurants: developing, growing, and proactively supporting accounts.
Proactively work to remove obstacles and enable forward momentum and progress. Manage issue escalations and provide support to teams balancing competing priorities
Proactively work to remove obstacles and enable forward momentum and progress. Manage issue escalations and provide support to teams balancing competing priorities
As part of the UberEATS City Team, you’ll work closely with the General Manager and the Sales and Operations teams to support processes that scale and innovate UberEATS sales from the ground up.
As part of the UberEATS City Team, you’ll work closely with the General Manager and the Sales and Operations teams to support processes that scale and innovate UberEATS sales from the ground up.
Manage and help plan support infrastructure, including any work with SEO agencies, consultants and contractors.
Identify actionable insights and recommendations to support strategic decision making
Service Orientation - As the voice of Uber in your city, you'll use that voice to bring new users onboard, as well as to support and advocate for existing users. You need to be willing to find resolutions to rider issues early, late and often.
As part of the UberEATS City Team, you’ll lead the Marketing team and work closely with the General Manager and the Sales and Operations teams to support processes that scale and innovate UberEATS sales from the ground up.
Work closely with partners in operations, product, support, sales and PR so all parts of the UberEATS experience deepen our customers’ and partners’ connection with our brand
Identify actionable insights and recommendations to support strategic decision making
Be a multi-tasker, supporting Marketing team relying on your skills and recommendations to make high-impact, high-budget decisions
As a Lifecycle Marketing Manager, you will develop and project manage the roll out of multi-channel contact strategies for Uber customer segments that optimize spend and maximize customer life stage migration. With the use of data to design the strategy for regional programs, you will get the opportunity to work closely with our in country marketing teams as well as other regional support functions.
The Regional Customer Relationship Management team is responsible for the definition and implementation of automated tools and processes to deliver driver, rider and eater communication throughout their lifecycle. Through experimentation and collaboration our team pilots new mechanisms, produces campaigns, oversees cross-channel execution, tracks performance, creates data flows for campaign automation and provides input on global technology plans to ensure support of APAC’s needs.
As a Lifecycle Marketing Manager, you will develop and project manage the roll out of multi-channel communication strategies for Uber customer segments, that optimize spend and maximize customer life stage migration. With the use of data to design the strategy for regional programs, you will get the opportunity to work closely with our in country marketing teams as well as other regional support functions.
The Regional Customer Relationship Management team is responsible for the definition and implementation of automated tools and processes to deliver driver, rider and eater communication throughout their lifecycle.  Through experimentation and collaboration our team pilots new mechanisms, produces campaigns, oversees cross-channel execution, tracks performance, creates data flows for campaign automation and provides input on global technology plans to ensure support of APAC’s needs.
Identify actionable insights and recommendations to support strategic decision making
High proficiency in planning, budgeting and multichannel ROI optimisation supported by extraordinary analytical skills.
Directing one of the largest consumer marketing budgets in the US, the Senior Director of Marketing Strategy will lead a world-class team of highly effective marketers across driver strategy, rider strategy, research & insights and program management. S/he will support the the VP of Marketing to drive strategy, integrated business planning, and the rhythm for the Global US/CA Marketing and Ridesharing Leadership Team to accelerate business.
Strong influencing skills; supporting your point of view to both peers and senior management
In this role, you’ll be responsible for the quality and impact of all communications our drivers receive across email, SMS, and push notifications, and in-app messaging.  You’ll have the support of a dedicated design, copy, operations, and analytics team and the ability to partner with product and engineering to bring complex, high-impact new campaigns to life in a way that surprises and delights our customers.
The Regional Brand and Campaigns team works to define strategic brand initiatives that are deployed across geographies. By collaborating cross-functionally they develop experiences and integrated campaigns that are rooted in insights, memorable and measurable.  While providing support to in country teams through cyclical planning, our team is able to build strategy and execute high impact regional campaigns.
The Regional Customer Relationship Management team is responsible for the definition and implementation of automated tools and processes to deliver driver, rider and eater communication throughout their lifecycle. Through experimentation and collaboration our team pilots new mechanisms, produces campaigns, oversees cross-channel execution, tracks performance, creates data flows for campaign automation and provides input on global technology plans to ensure support of APAC’s needs.
You will lead our product marketing, growth marketing, creative and marketing analytics teams that have global scope. You will also work closely with our regional marketing teams around the world to set strategy for their regions and cities, support their marketing efforts with tools and infrastructure, and take learnings from local and regional team to inform our global strategy.
The Regional Customer Relationship Management team is responsible for the definition and implementation of automated tools and processes to deliver driver and rider communication throughout their Uber lifecycle. Through experimentation and collaboration our team pilots new mechanisms, produces campaigns, oversees cross-channel execution, tracks performance, creates data flows for campaign automation and provides input on global technology plans to ensure support of SSA’s needs.
The Regional Customer Relationship Management team is responsible for the definition and implementation of automated tools and processes to deliver driver and rider communication throughout their Uber lifecycle. Through experimentation and collaboration our team pilots new mechanisms, produces campaigns, oversees cross-channel execution, tracks performance, creates data flows for campaign automation and provides input on global technology plans to ensure support of SSA’s needs.
You appreciate the art of excellent copy, but you know it’s not about creating fine art. You create communications to inform and improve user experiences, but more importantly to persuade and elicit specific actions. Your approach is rooted in bottom-line thinking, using analytics to guide creative decisions and support arguments. You value achieving business objectives over accruing portfolio pieces.
Build, maintain and execute against a global editorial calendar that supports the brand narrative and leverages company milestones, seasonal trends, pop culture moments and beyond
Support development of messaging and assets - including video, infographics and beyond - that support the global editorial calendar
Develop and support a wide variety of local marketing campaign requests.
As a Customer Relationship Marketing Manager, you will develop and project manage the roll out of multi-channel contact strategies for Uber customer segments to optimize spend and maximize customer life stage migration. With the use of data to design the strategy for programs in Vietnam, you will get the opportunity to work closely with our in country operations teams as well as other regional support functions.
As part of the larger Regional Marketing Team, our in country Marketing team is responsible for the definition and implementation of automated tools and processes to deliver driver, rider and eater communication throughout their lifecycle. Through experimentation and collaboration our Vietnam team pilots new mechanisms, produces campaigns, oversees cross-channel execution, tracks performance, creates data flows for campaign automation and provides input on global technology plans to ensure support of Vietnam’s needs.
You'll be on the frontlines introducing Uber to the Enterprise, responsible for developing the email marketing program, increasing customer engagement, optimizing email communications and supporting brand objectives.
Ability to execute and to support our marketing roadmap with targeted and impactful comms.
As an Acquisitions Marketing Manager, you will be responsible for growing our rider and driver base in cities throughout Vietnam.  By working with our larger Regional team, you will get the opportunity to pilot local campaigns as well as implement larger scale initiatives.  With knowledge and support across all marketing channels, there is opportunity develop new strategy, create unique campaigns, and collaborate with leadership across multiple functions.
Define quarterly acquisition goals to support the country business plan
High proficiency in planning, budgeting and multichannel ROI optimisation supported by superior analytical skills.
Build meaningful, strong relationships with our restaurant partners by delivering 5-star, on-brand support and helpful insight.
You have retail, restaurant, sales or customer support experience
We’re disrupting the transportation world, and with that comes the need for more legal clout. We are currently searching for a Senior Employment Counsel who will support outside counsel litigating class action and individual-plaintiff lawsuits and arbitrations, as well as our HR and Product groups, and will provide general legal support for Uber’s other Corporate functions (e.g., Facilities, Finance, etc.). This position will report to a Legal Director, Employment and be based at Uber’s HQ in San Francisco. Do you want to bring your expertise to Uber? Read on…
Our team of approximately ten attorneys and five paralegals work together to provide strategic, coordinated support to our outside counsel and the business units we serve.
We are in over 500 cities worldwide, including 11 countries in the MENA region. That’s why we are looking for an experienced Senior Counsel with a strong generalist background to support and help lead the GCC countries, Jordan, Morocco and Lebanon, with a particular emphasis on Saudi Arabia.
Excel at leadership, but with a hands-on approach to day-to-day transactional support of a fast growing and complex region with short turnaround times. You’ll identify, analyze and mitigate legal risks that help the business scale, through training and client counseling.
A well-rounded generalist with strong management, regulatory and transactional experience supporting enterprise and sales organizations, product launch and implementation and overall business client management.
Consistently review and analyze legal risks for Uber nationally and eventually internationally supporting to Legal Director Central America (LatAm)
We’re disrupting the transportation space and growing rapidly across Asia. This is an excellent opportunity for a claims professional to gain diverse experience across 14 countries in the region and build a team. This role will report directly to the Global Director of Claims in the US and support the regional insurance team in Singapore. So if you're ready to go deep working on a rewarding set of challenges and if you've got the skills, experience, drive, and a strong team mentality - read on and get in touch!
Our Regional Safety and Insurance team is responsible for establishing Uber as a reliable and safe option while ensuring users trust our deep commitment to their safety.  An advocate on this team has the ability to not only work cross-functionally but also positively impact the lives of our customers. In collaboration with insurance regulators around the region, our team is consistently finding new ways to provide riders, drivers and eaters with unwavering support.
Provide legal support to finance, treasury, tax and other internal legal, G&A and operations teams to ensure proper compliance and corporate governance guidelines are met
We’re excited to open up this new Counsel position on the Southeast Asia & North Asia (SENA) Legal Team that provides the full range of legal support across 13 countries. This position will be based in Singapore or Hong Kong and will report into a Senior Counsel based in that location.
Collaborate with SENA Legal colleagues to provide day-to-day support for a wide range of regulatory, litigation and commercial matters across a number of SENA countries
A team-player who is motivated to make a difference and help the SENA Legal Team support Uber’s strong regional growth
We’re excited to open up this new Counsel position on the Southeast Asia & North Asia (SENA) Legal Team that provides the full range of legal support across 13 countries. This position will be based in Singapore or Hong Kong and will report into a Senior Counsel based in that location.
Collaborate with SENA Legal colleagues to provide day-to-day support for a wide range of regulatory, litigation and commercial matters across a number of SENA countries
A team-player who is motivated to make a difference and help the SENA Legal Team support Uber’s strong regional growth
Provide ongoing legal support for Uber’s various marketing and advertising activities, including but not limited to by reviewing marketing creative, advising on claim substantiation, and counseling on cause marketing and other promotional activities
Community Operations is pioneering how Uber manages rider and driver partner support around the globe and we’re looking for a Program Manager for our Advanced Customer Support Program to lead our most sensitive support initiatives into Uber’s account security, social media, and accessibility customer service teams. You’ll be responsible for developing and executing on strategies to improve performance and productivity, as well as set goals to track success, all while consistently meeting customer expectations.
Community Operations is pioneering how Uber manages rider and driver partner support around the globe.
Design, implement, and prioritize experiments in areas that need improvement, including saved replies, support logic and policies
Develop, maintain, and QA content for Customer Service Representatives (CSRs) to ensure that the voice, tone, and brand of support is consistent and effective
Push process and volume down to Business Process Outsourcing partners (BPOs) and lower tiers of support by incubating process within the Centers of Excellences (COEs), Uber’s contact centers, and standardizing policy to point of near-automation
Develop support program for new products / features alongside Product Support teams
Develop and implement a plan for international support, including staffing, training, process and translation/localization
Create and optimize support processes; willing and able to lead others utilizing those processes
Experience in service-industry, customer support, manufacturing or distribution in a high-volume and extremely fast-paced environment
As a Process and Technology Specialist, you will plan, organize and execute initiatives to evolve to the optimal operating solution for our in-person driver-partner support locations. You will fine-tune processes and ensure compliance to best practices, thereby powering operational excellence for these centers. In short, you will develop and implement the global standard operating procedures and help ensure adoption across our locations.
Become a subject-matter expert on the operational tools used by our support representatives
Prioritize strategic process launches and oversee initiative execution within our in person driver-partner support locations
Be responsible for the seamless integration of in person driver-partner support locations within the larger the Operations organization
Uber’s driver-partners are our most important customers, and we’re building an exceptional experience for them in our cities. Greenlight Hubs help new partners get on the road for the first time, build engagement with the platform over time, and provide a home base for the driver-partner community. Our hubs are a one-stop shop for partners to get activated, receive support, and learn more about Uber.
At least 2 years of relevant experience in Retail or Service team management in fulfillment, distribution, customer support
You are open and curious, you love learning how things work and you’re always looking for ways to innovate, you enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results
The Line of Support Researchers will take a data driven approach to informing decisions and process improvements critical to the benefit of our support organization within any given line of business. You will be first and foremost a strategist, using a deep knowledge of the product, a passion for agent success and excellent customer support, and problem-solving skills to inform policies and processes that are simultaneously the best for the business, the agent, and the customer. We look for someone that has thorough analytical skills, excellent time-management and organizational habits, a creative and problem solving mindset, and the ability to clearly communicate and present information.
Nurture analysis on projects/experiments and use that to inform important strategic decisions improving the support experience for drivers and riders
Develop frameworks to support the company with new markets and products
Experience working in a support environment highly preferred (contact management analytics, Zendesk API familiarity, etc.)
At Uber, providing amazing customer support that establishes trust for riders and driver partners-our community-is a core feature of our product experience. We invest in this mission and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the most compelling, most efficient way.
Community Operations is pioneering how Uber manages rider and driver partner support around the globe and we're looking for a line of business (LOB) Operations Manager. You will be tasked to develop and lead various support efforts within our Manila Center of Excellence (COE). Uber COEs are contact management centers dedicated to providing world-class customer support to riders and drivers. Uber relies on the COEs to provide support for our community's most challenging issue types, handle escalations from our tens of thousands of business processing outsourcing (BPO) agents, and provide an environment to pilot support for new products or test new support modalities or processes.
Work cross-functionally with various supporting teams (such as Quality Assurance, Training, Site Analytics) to ensure your teams are delivering exceptional customer experiences and meeting service level requirements
Identify trends within your team's performance as well as overall support trends
At least 5 years of work experience in a high-volume and demanding service-industry or customer support environment
Optimistic leadership: You have an enthusiastic attitude and are passionate about making magic for our Community. You view every support interaction as a chance to impact our riders and driver partners in a positive way.
Experience in a service-industry, customer support, manufacturing or distribution in a high-volume and demanding environment
Uber’s Global Greenlight Program team is part of Uber’s Global Operations team. The Greenlight Program team implements strategy, planning, innovation, and business development for the company’s global network of Uber Greenlight locations, our in-person locations that serve drivers.  These locations are one of the company’s key growth channels for getting drivers on the road and keeping them engaged with Uber. Greenlight locations are staffed by Experts (our in-person support specialists) as well as their leads and a location manager.
This role gives you an opportunity to impact the direction of the entire organization by ensuring our relationships with driver partners are phenomenal. Through highly influential learning and employee development, the UBER workforce will set the gold standard for in-person support and customer service.
Develop course materials for Uber Experts and Greenlight leaders that support a variety of delivery types, including self-paced, eLearning, webinar and instructor-led.
Our Community Support Teams are all about process efficiency, and as the Center of Excellence Learning Program Manager, your program will ensure that these teams have the knowledge and skills to provide world class support to everyone involved in the Uber experience. This role is about maintaining  a solid learning program, scaling it beyond what is today, and pre-empting what it will need to be tomorrow in order to be world-class.
Our Community Support Teams are all about process efficiency, and as the Center of Excellence Learning Program Manager, your program will ensure that these teams have the knowledge and skills to provide world class support to everyone involved in the Uber experience. This role is about maintaining  a solid learning program, scaling it beyond what is today, and pre-empting what it will need to be tomorrow in order to be world-class.
Our Community Support Teams are all about process efficiency, and as the Center of Excellence Learning Program Manager, your program will ensure that these teams have the knowledge and skills to provide world class support to everyone involved in the Uber experience. This role is about maintaining  a solid learning program, scaling it beyond what is today, and pre-empting what it will need to be tomorrow in order to be world-class.
At Uber, providing amazing support that establishes trust for riders and driver partners—our community—is a core feature of our product experience. We invest in it and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the smartest, most efficient way. We’re looking for a Learning Manager to work alongside our Global Community Operations team and own the building and content of our learning program. This multi-faceted role requires quick thinking and proficiency in building learning plans, as well as an overall knack for interaction and in-person training. Our Community Operations Managers and Community Support Teams are all about process efficiency, and as a Learning Manager, you would be ensuring that these teams of rockstars are able to continuously provide world class support to everyone involved in the Uber experience. This role is about building a solid foundation for our learning modules, scaling it beyond what is today, and pre-empting what it will need to be tomorrow.
Build an efficient and scalable learning program that facilitates the evolution of our support system and customers (both internal and external)
Be a passionate advocate for your global Community Operations organization by owning the learning development of their support team
Previous experience with customer support is a nice bonus, but not required
Own relationships with top tier UberEATS restaurants: developing, growing, and proactively supporting accounts.
As an Incident Response Team (IRT) - Project Manager you will create analyses that drive decisions related to all Critical Assistance Support Team (CAST) programs.  You’ll be responsible for developing and executing on strategies and tactics to improve support performance and productivity, as well as set goals to track success, all while consistently meeting customer expectations.
Latam Community Operations provides premier customer support to riders and driver partners. Managing customer service for our region involves global coordination of service resources in Latam. The Critical and Advanced Support Team (CAST) is a program portfolio of support programs that are the most operationally complex and represent the most critical interaction points between Uber and our customers.
The CAST team is a core part of the Latam CommOps organization. The CAST mission is to ensure that these issues are handle correctly every time, while attending to the need to scale with business growth. CAST programs include: Incident Response, social media operations, fraud support, and other critical touch points.
Own data analysis and visualization, and communicate the outcomes/insights to various stakeholders to aid strategic decisions for improvements in support experience for drivers and riders
Develop analytical frameworks to support decision making in the Latam Region
Push process and volume down to other Centers of Excellence (COEs) and lower tiers of support by incubating process and standardizing policy to point of near-automation
Review, calibrate and iterate support process for emergencies and fraud lines of business
Analyse and develop areas of improvement for the support policies in the area
Experience working in a support environment
At Uber, providing extraordinary customer support to riders and driver partners is a core feature of our product experience. Delivering this caliber of support isn’t easy - it takes leaders who can understand Uber’s operations, adapt to our constantly changing business, and help solve problems where no solution currently exists.
We’re looking for a high-performing business leader to grow and lead our Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) contact center network supporting our riders and partners across Europe, the Middle East and Africa. As the BPO Manager for EMEA, you will be responsible for defining site and vendor strategy, and managing contact center vendor relationships across the globe, including procurement of services, vendor governance, service delivery, contract administration, and risk mitigation and control. The right person is ready to make strong data-backed decisions in a high-speed environment.
Bachelor’s degree with 5+ years of support center management experience. MBA or graduate degree preferred
Uber has found a strong product-market fit with its world-changing service, but we’re still innovating quickly and defining new business opportunities throughout the organization. We’re seeking for a Head of Customer Support for our Retail Operations (Greenlight) in Brazil to help define and build and manage a global network of in-person support to our drivers.
Uber’s Retail Operations in-person support help new partners get on the road for the first time, build engagement with the platform over time, and serve as a logistics hub for the city.
A leader. You understand the impact of a highly satisfied, excited crew of users and in-person support reps. You are eager to build a team of support specialists who will look to you for leadership and guidance;
At Uber, providing amazing support within our community—across Riders, Driver partners, Eaters and delivery drivers—is at the core feature of the Uber user experience. We’re obsessed about providing the highest quality service in the smartest, most efficient way. And for Uber to continue its growth and success, we need to improve and  scale our fast-growing support operations.
Experience working in a support organisation or for organisations known for stellar support outcomes is a plus
At Uber, providing amazing support that establishes trust for riders and driver partners - our community - is a core feature of our product experience. We invest in it and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the smartest, most efficient way.
Community Operations is pioneering how Uber manages rider and driver support around the globe during our most critical incidents and provides world class support.
At Uber, providing amazing support within our community — across Riders, Driver partners, Eaters and delivery drivers - is at the core of the Uber user experience. We’re obsessed with providing the highest quality service in the smartest, most efficient way. And for Uber to continue its growth and success, we need to improve and scale our fast-growing support operations.
We’re looking for a talented and experienced leader to lead our network of Greenlight Hubs - our in-person driver partner on-boarding and support locations, where we help new and existing Uber drivers get on the road for the first time and build engagement for our growing driver partner community. This role involves leading a team of Greenlight Hub Managers and their respective teams of Uber Experts across Australia and New Zealand, plus a small regional team. You’ll be responsible for continually optimising Greenlight operations whilst ensuring thousands of driver partners enjoy an experience that reflects the Uber brand.
- A lover of process and optimisation. You will be revolutionising in-person support for the Uber community. You’re excited about the opportunity to create and experiment with support processes, and are willing and able to lead others in iterating and implementing them.
- Naturally curious. You love learning how things work and you’re always looking for ways to innovate. You enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results.
- Experience working in a support organisation or for organisations known for stellar support outcomes is a plus
At Uber, providing world-class customer support to riders and driver partners is a core feature of our product experience. Delivering this caliber of support isn’t easy - it takes leaders who can understand Uber’s operations, adapt to our constantly changing business, and help solve problems where no solution currently exists.
As the Head of Global Support Operations you will be responsible for growing and managing Uber’s global Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) network and Workforce Management (WFM) function within the Community Operations organization. With millions of customers seeking answers to questions about their interactions with Uber, and tens of thousands of Customer Service Representatives (CSRs) around the world helping answer those questions, it’s imperative that our support network is optimized to deliver a world-class support experience.
- Determine global contact center site strategy, including in-house vs. outsourced allocations, number of contact centers required, lines of businesses supported at each center, and staffing capacity requirements
The Community Operations Team is the engine behind Uber's outstanding support experience for both riders and drivers.
Design and build a  scalable operations support across Brazil.
Contribute to the company wide thinking process around support scaling.
Work closely with our city teams to best localize support and improve CSAT and with our HQ and other regional hubs to optimize and streamline processes.
Optimize support agent efficiency through innovent ticket-solving processes.
You will own and manage the P&L for the support function.
Help scale our other cities through developing and sharing best support practices.
7+ years of consulting or operations management experience. Previous support experience is preferred. Already scaled and built a support function in a tech environment? Even better!
A process pro. You'll be revolutionizing the concept of support at Uber. You’re excited about the opportunity to create and optimise support processes, and are willing and able to lead others utilizing those processes. You constantly look to rejig things to make them more efficient.
A leader. You understand the impact of a highly satisfied, excited crew of users and support reps. You are eager to build a team of support specialists who will look to you for leadership and guidance.
On the Community Operations side, you and your team will be responsible to build, operate, scale and improve Community Operations in Egypt. This role comes with a heavy focus on solving problems through data analytics and leading teams to deliver stellar outcomes. There is a large focus on continuous process improvement, on both the support and product side, while advocating passionately on behalf of our community to influence the overall customer experience. The role combines all these facets as well as managing stakeholder relationships across the broader business to set the right expectations and deliver handsomely on them. All of this in one of the most dynamic and fastest growing markets in the world.
Open and curious. You love learning how things work and you're always looking for ways to innovate. You enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results.
You'll be tasked with scaling support in an innovative way at a company that's growing at an amazing speed and changing constantly. You're prepared to:
Lead a large team of GL and Comm-Ops, and forefront support representatives to provide world-class support to our community of users.
Lead a large team of GL and Comm-Ops, and forefront support representatives to provide world-class support to our community of users.
Handle escalations of more difficult support interactions
You have previous customer support team management experience
Uber has found an excellent product-market fit with its world-changing service, but we're still inventing our business every day. We're seeking Greenlight Supervisors to help develop a global network of in-person driver-partner support centers.
The Greenlight Supervisor is responsible for managing day-to-day operations of the Center, and leading a team of Representatives. In this role, you will lead Representatives by example on how best to develop Uber's relationship with partners, and support their operational needs.
Handle escalations of more difficult support interactions.
Customer support team management experience highly preferred.
Previous experience with customer support or experience with Zendesk is a nice bonus, but not required.
Handle escalations of more difficult support interactions
You have previous customer support team management experience
Handle escalations of more difficult support interactions
You have previous customer support team management experience
We’re looking for a Greenlight Supervisor to support the day-to-day operations of our local Greenlight location. We’re looking for an experienced team leader who operates with a customer-first mentality. In this role, you’ll help to mentor and directly lead a team of Experts on how to best build Uber’s relationship with driver-partners & delivery partners, support their operational needs, and guide day-to-day operations of the Greenlight center. This is a great opportunity to work with a top-notch Operations team and learn the Uber business from the ground up.
Handle escalations of more difficult support interactions
Drivers are our most important customers, and we’re building an extraordinary experience for them in our cities. Greenlight Hubs help new drivers get on the road for the first time, build engagement with the platform over time, and provide a home base for the driver community. Our hubs are a one-stop shop for partners to get activated, receive support, and learn more about Uber.
At least 2 years of relevant team management experience in service delivery, customer support, brand loyalty programs or capability development
You are open and curious. You love learning how things work and you’re always looking for ways to innovate. You enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results.
Drivers are one of our most important customers, and we’re building an extraordinary experience for them in our cities. Greenlight Hubs, our in-person support and retail channel, help new drivers get on the road for the first time, build engagement with the platform over time, and provide a home base for the driver community.
Our Greenlight Manager is responsible for our in-person support presence, leading the strategic vision and performance of the Greenlight location in Melbourne. In this role, you will lead and develop a team of over 40 customer support staff and specialists to provide the best possible experience for new and existing Uber drivers. Your team will go far beyond providing support; they will identify root causes, escalate pervasive problems and/or develop new processes. You will develop and maintain vendor relationships, and work on innovative partnerships to improve the driver experience.
Experience working in a support organisation or for organisations known for stellar support outcomes is a plus
At Uber, providing world-class customer support for all of our products is a core feature of our experience.
Delivering the caliber of customer support we expect isn’t easy—it takes leaders who can understand Uber’s operations, adapt to our constantly changing business, and help solve problems where no solution currently exists.
Community Operations is pioneering how Uber manages customer and partner support around the globe. The team you will join has one mission: Make Customer Experience our #1 Competitive Advantage. You and your teammates will champion this mission every day until there are no doubts it’s a reality.
Experience with process optimization, program management, customer support strategy or quality assurance
We’re looking for an all-star Financial Analyst to join the Global Community Operations Network Team. The Financial Analyst help the invoice reconciliation and spend analysis for our support centers globally. This individual will work closely with Finance, Accounting, and Strategy & Planning teams to support the Community Operations organization.
At Uber, providing extraordinary customer support to riders and driver partners is a core feature of our product experience. The Community Operations Team is pioneering how Uber manages rider and driver support around the globe during our most critical incidents and accidents. Delivering this support isn’t easy - it takes leaders who can understand Uber’s operations, adapt to our constantly changing business, and help solve problems where no solution currently exists
In this role, you will be supporting Uber in optimising its cost and increasing efficiency. In addition to driving and supporting our financial planning, forecasting, and analysis efforts, you’ll have the opportunity to turn these insights into initiatives, running with them and helping drive strategic decisions. So if you're ready to go deep, work on a rewarding set of challenges and if you've got the finance skills, experience, and passion - read on and get in touch!
The Network Team is responsible for operational excellence across our vast network of customer support centers. Cost efficiency is a key component for delivering world class customer service.
At Uber, providing world-class customer support for all of our products is a core feature of our experience. Delivering the caliber of customer support we expect isn’t easy—it takes leaders who can understand Uber’s operations, adapt to our constantly changing business, and help solve problems where no solution currently exists.
The Data Analyst, UberEverything is first and foremost a creative analytical explorer. You will leverage structured and unstructured data to evolve how our worldwide Product, Operations and Customer Support program leaders think about how to ensure our product experiences for UberEATS and other emerging business lines feel truly customer obsessed. You will be responsible for uncovering and assessing hypotheses our data isn’t yet primed to answer, be it the impact and efficacy of our support protocols, the predictive value of our KPIs, or the tactics we need to scalably improve customer experience.
Develop a deep understanding of the impact product flows, operational defects and support interactions have on customer experience and loyalty
Experience working with support data, contact management analytics or customer insights
Community Operations is pioneering how Uber manages rider and driver partner support around the globe and we’re looking for a Customer Support Manager (you!), or Community Operations Manager as it’s known at Uber, to develop and lead various support efforts within our Chicago Center of Excellence (COE).
Uber COEs are contact management centers dedicated to providing premier customer support to riders and drivers. Uber relies on the COEs to provide support for our community’s toughest issues types, handle escalations from our tens of thousands of business processing outsourcing (BPO) agents, and provide an environment to pilot support for new products or test new support modalities or processes.
Work cross-functionally with various supporting teams (such as Quality Assurance, Training, Site Analytics) to ensure your teams are delivering exceptional customer experiences and meeting service level requirements
Responsible for identifying trends within your team’s’ performance as well as overall support trends
Minimum 3 years of working experience in a high-volume and fast-paced service-industry or customer support environment including minimum 2 years of leading large teams
Optimistic leadership: You have an enthusiastic attitude and are passionate about making magic for our Community. You view every support interaction as a chance to impact our riders and driver partners in a positive way
Experience in service-industry, customer support, manufacturing or distribution in a high-volume environment
Community Operations is pioneering how Uber manages rider and driver partner support around the globe and we’re looking for a Customer Support Manager (you!), or Community Operations Manager as it’s known at Uber, to develop and lead various support efforts within our Center of Excellence (COE).
Uber COEs are contact management centers dedicated to providing world-class customer support to riders and drivers.  Uber relies on the COEs to provide support for our community’s toughest issues types, handle escalations from our tens of thousands of business processing outsourcing (BPO) agents, and provide an environment to pilot support for new products or test new support modalities or processes.
Work cross-functionally with various supporting teams (such as Quality Assurance, Training, Site Analytics) to ensure your teams are delivering exceptional customer experiences and meeting service level requirements
Responsible for identifying trends within your team’s’ performance as well as overall support trends
Minimum 3 years of working experience in a high-volume and fast-paced service-industry or customer support environment including minimum 2 years of leading large teams
Optimistic leadership: You have an enthusiastic attitude and are passionate about making magic for our Community. You view every support interaction as a chance to impact our riders and driver partners in a positive way
Experience in service-industry, customer support, manufacturing or distribution in a high-volume environment
Community Operations is pioneering how Uber manages rider and driver partner support around the globe and we're looking for a Customer Support Manager (you!), or Community Operations Manager as it's known at Uber, to develop and lead various support efforts within our Latam Center of Excellence (COE). Uber COEs are contact management centers dedicated to providing exceptional customer support to riders and drivers. Uber relies on the COEs to provide support for our community's toughest issue types, handle escalations from our tens of thousands of business processing outsourcing (BPO) agents, and provide an environment to pilot support for new products or test new support modalities or processes.
Work cross-functionally with various supporting teams (such as Quality Assurance, Training, and Site Analytics) to ensure your teams are delivering exceptional customer experiences and meeting service level requirements
Be responsible for identifying trends within your team's' performance as well as overall support trends
At least 3 years of work experience in a high-volume and fast moving service-industry or customer support environment, including leading large teams
Optimistic leadership: You have an enthusiastic attitude and are passionate about making magic for our Community. You view every support interaction as a chance to impact our riders and driver partners in a positive way.
Experience in service-industry, customer support, manufacturing or distribution in a high-volume and extremely exciting work environment
Community Operations is pioneering how Uber manages rider and driver partner support around the globe and we’re looking for a Customer Support Manager (you!), or Community Operations Manager as it’s known at Uber, to develop and lead various support efforts within our Center of Excellence (COE).
Uber COEs are contact management centers dedicated to providing premier customer support to riders and drivers. Uber relies on the COEs to provide support for our community’s toughest issues types, handle escalations from our tens of thousands of business processing outsourcing (BPO) agents, and provide an environment to pilot support for new products or test new support modalities or processes.
Work cross-functionally with various supporting teams (such as Quality Assurance, Training, Site Analytics) to ensure your teams are delivering exceptional customer experiences and meeting service level requirements
Responsible for identifying trends within your team’s’ performance as well as overall support trends
Minimum 3 years of working experience in a high-volume and fast-paced service-industry or customer support environment including minimum 2 years of leading large teams
Optimistic leadership: You have an enthusiastic attitude and are passionate about making magic for our Community. You view every support interaction as a chance to impact our riders and driver partners in a positive way
Experience in service-industry, customer support, manufacturing or distribution in a high-volume environment
At Uber, providing amazing customer support that establishes trust for riders and driver partners—our community—is a core feature of our product experience. We invest in this mission and believe in providing the highest quality service implemented in the smartest, most efficient way.
Community Operations is pioneering how Uber manages rider and driver partner support around the globe and we’re looking for a Customer Support Manager (you!), or Community Operations Manager as it’s known at Uber, to develop and lead various support efforts within our Center of Excellence (COE) in São Paulo, Brazil.  Uber COEs are contact centers dedicated to providing excellent customer support to riders and drivers.  Uber relies on the COEs to provide support for our community’s toughest issues types, handle escalations from our tens of thousands of business processing outsourcing (BPO) agents, and provide an environment to pilot support for new products or test new support modalities or processes.
Work cross-functionally with various supporting teams (such as Quality Assurance, Training, and Site Analytics) to ensure your teams are delivering exceptional customer experiences and meeting service level requirements
Be responsible for identifying trends within your team's' performance as well as overall support trends
At least 3 years of work experience in a high-volume and fast moving service-industry or customer support environment, including leading large teams
Optimistic leadership: You have an enthusiastic attitude and are passionate about making magic for our Community. You view every support interaction as a chance to impact our riders and driver partners in a positive way.
Experience in service-industry, customer support, manufacturing or distribution in a high-volume and extremely exciting work environment
At Uber, providing excellent support that establishes trust for riders and driver partners-our community-is a core feature of our product experience. We invest in it and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the smartest, most efficient way. We're looking for a Customer Service Operations Manager to develop and lead support efforts in our Limerick Centre of Excellence (COE). Uber COEs are contact management centers dedicated to providing world-class customer support to riders and drivers. Uber relies on the COEs to provide support for our community's toughest issues types, handle escalations from our tens of thousands of business processing outsourcing (BPO) agents, and provide an environment to pilot support for new products or test new support modalities or processes.
Be tasked with scaling support in an innovative way at a company that's growing rapidly and changing constantly.
Be responsible for identifying trends within your team's' performance as well as overall support trends.
A love of process and optimization. You will be revolutionizing support for the Uber community. You're excited about the opportunity to create and experiment with support processes, and are willing and able to lead others utilizing them.
Natural curiosity. You love learning how things work and you're always looking for innovative improvements. You enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results.
At least 3 years of work experience in a high-volume and productive service-industry or customer support environment, including at least 2 years of leading large teams.
Experience in service-industry, customer support, manufacturing or distribution in a high-volume and fast-paced environment
At Uber, providing extraordinary customer support to riders
and driver partners is a core feature of our product experience. The Community Operations Team is pioneering how Uber manages rider and driver support around the globe during our most critical incidents and accidents. Delivering this support isn’t easy - it takes leaders who can understand Uber’s operations, adapt to our constantly changing business, and help solve problems where no solution currently exists.
Work cross-functionally with senior leaders across the business to ensure your support and resources are effective and relevant
Optimistic leadership: You have an enthusiastic attitude and are passionate about making magic for our Community. You view every support interaction as a chance to impact our riders and driver partners in a positive way
Experience in service-industry, customer support, manufacturing or distribution in a high-volume and extremely fast-paced environment
At Uber, providing extraordinary customer support to riders
and driver partners is a core feature of our product experience. The Community Operations Team is pioneering how Uber manages rider and driver support around the globe during our most critical incidents and accidents. Delivering this support isn’t easy - it takes leaders who can understand Uber’s operations, adapt to our constantly changing business, and help solve problems where no solution currently exists.
Work cross-functionally with senior leaders across the business to ensure your support and resources are effective and relevant
Optimistic leadership: You have an enthusiastic attitude and are passionate about making magic for our Community. You view every support interaction as a chance to impact our riders and driver partners in a positive way
Experience in service-industry, customer support, manufacturing or distribution in a high-volume and extremely fast-paced environment
As the Content Strategist, you are responsible for leading projects to improve the quality of service for a given line of business at Uber through new processes, including drafting and implementing a wide variety of support content that is both internal and external-facing. You will work closely with the other members of the team, including analysts, to define and implement the desired service experience and take ownership for developing and iterating support content designed to improve agent and resolution quality, and measure the performance of the content you create.
At Uber, providing extraordinary customer support to riders and driver partners is a core feature of our product experience. The Community Operations Team is pioneering how Uber manages rider and driver support around the globe during our most critical incidents and accidents. Delivering this support isn’t easy - it takes leaders who can understand Uber’s operations, adapt to our constantly changing business, and help solve problems where no solution currently exists.
Work closely with your team to develop new processes and content that reflects strategic changes, product updates, and support policies related to any given line of business
Experience in customer support
Our Community Support Teams are all about process efficiency, and as a part of the learning team, you would be ensuring that these teams of allstars are able to continuously provide extraordinary support to everyone involved in the Uber experience. This role is about designing scalable, engaging and effective learning experiences for our learning programs that will be rolled out to tens of thousands of people around the world.
You’ll be supporting the Learning Experience Design (LXD) team within Brazil Learning team in the creation of all materials for training resources. You’re prepared to:
At Uber, providing amazing support that establishes trust for riders and driver partners-our community-is a core feature of our product experience. We invest in it and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the most compelling, most efficient way. Community Support Representatives are all about helping and educating both riders and drivers. We help people resolve their issues and turn unhappy users into our most passionate evangelists. The right candidate is always looking for unique and exciting ways to resolve problems with exceptional support and exceptional communication, ensuring that problems are resolved promptly while developing trustworthy relationships with our community.
Deliver high-quality service across multiple support platforms (email, chat, phone).
Curiosity. You love learning how things work and you're always looking for ways to innovate. You enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results.
Excellent communication skills. You're eloquent and able to strike the perfect tone, whether you're explaining a new policy to riders or drivers, explaining the importance of certain complicated metrics, or responding to support issues over email.
Passion for helping others and creating support experiences that exceed users' expectations.
Support experience in a high-volume environment, including service industries, retail, hospitality or other support environments is preferred.
At Uber, providing amazing support that establishes trust for riders and driver partners-our community-is a core feature of our product experience. We invest in it and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the most compelling, most efficient way. Community Support Representatives are all about helping and educating both riders and drivers. We help people resolve their issues and turn unhappy users into our most passionate evangelists. The right candidate is always looking for unique and exciting ways to resolve problems with exceptional support and exceptional communication, ensuring that problems are resolved promptly while developing trustworthy relationships with our community.
Deliver high-quality service across multiple support platforms (email, chat, phone).
Curiosity. You love learning how things work and you're always looking for ways to innovate. You enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results.
Excellent communication skills. You're eloquent and able to strike the perfect tone, whether you're explaining a new policy to riders or drivers, explaining the importance of certain complicated metrics, or responding to support issues over email.
Passion for helping others and creating support experiences that exceed users' expectations.
Support experience in a high-volume environment, including service industries, retail, hospitality or other support environments is preferred.
At Uber, providing amazing support that establishes trust for riders and driver partners-our community-is a core feature of our product experience. We invest in it and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the most compelling, most efficient way. Community Support Representatives are all about helping and educating both riders and drivers. We help people resolve their issues and turn unhappy users into our most passionate evangelists. The right candidate is always looking for unique and exciting ways to resolve problems with exceptional support and exceptional communication, ensuring that problems are resolved promptly while developing trustworthy relationships with our community.
Deliver high-quality service across multiple support platforms (email, chat, phone).
Curiosity. You love learning how things work and you're always looking for ways to innovate. You enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results.
Excellent communication skills. You're eloquent and able to strike the perfect tone, whether you're explaining a new policy to riders or drivers, explaining the importance of certain complicated metrics, or responding to support issues over email.
Passion for helping others and creating support experiences that exceed users' expectations.
Support experience in a high-volume environment, including service industries, retail, hospitality or other support environments is preferred.
At Uber, providing amazing support that establishes trust for riders, driver, couriers, eaters and restaurants—our community—is a core feature of our product experience. We invest in it and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the smartest, most efficient way.
Naturally curious. You love learning how things work and you’re always looking for ways to innovate. You enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results.
Word-savvy. You’re eloquent and able to strike the perfect tone, whether you’re explaining a new policy to riders or drivers, explaining the importance of certain complicated metrics, or responding to support issues over email.
Deliver high-quality service across multiple support platforms (email, chat, phone).
Passion for helping others and creating support experiences that exceed users’ expectations.
Support experience in a high-volume environment, including service industries, retail, hospitality or other support environments prefered but not mandatory
At Uber, providing amazing support that establishes trust for riders and driver partners-our community-is a core feature of our product experience. We invest in it and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the most compelling, most efficient way. Community Support Representatives are all about helping and educating both riders and drivers. We help people resolve their issues and turn unhappy users into our most passionate evangelists. The right candidate is always looking for unique and exciting ways to resolve problems with exceptional support and communication, ensuring that problems are resolved promptly while developing trustworthy relationships with our community.
We are seeking an attentive, personable, highly-organized Community Support Representative to support the city's operations team as we continue to grow our presence. This is a full time opportunity working with an amazing operations team on the daily functions that are at the core of Uber.
Deliver high-quality service across multiple support platforms (email, chat, phone)
Natural curiosity. You love learning how things work and you're always looking for creative solutions. You enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results.
Eloquence. You're able to strike the perfect tone, whether you're explaining a new policy to riders or drivers, explaining the importance of certain complicated metrics, or responding to support issues over email.
Passion for helping others and creating support experiences that exceed users' expectations.
We invest in it and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the most compelling, most efficient way. Community Support Representatives are all about helping and educating both riders and drivers. We help people resolve their issues and turn unhappy users into our most passionate evangelists. The right candidate is always looking for unique and exciting ways to resolve problems with exceptional support and exceptional communication, ensuring that problems are resolved promptly while developing trustworthy relationships with our community.
Deliver high-quality service across multiple support platforms (email, chat, phone).
Passion for helping others and creating support experiences that exceed users’ expectations.
Support experience in a high-volume environment, including service industries, retail, hospitality or other support environments prefered but not mandatory
At Uber, providing amazing support that establishes trust for riders and driver partners-our community-is a core feature of our product experience. We invest in it and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the most compelling, most efficient way. Community Support Representatives are all about helping and educating both riders and drivers. We help people resolve their issues and turn unhappy users into our most passionate evangelists. The right candidate is always looking for unique and exciting ways to resolve problems with exceptional support and exceptional communication, ensuring that problems are resolved promptly while developing trustworthy relationships with our community.
Deliver high-quality service across multiple support platforms (email, chat, phone).
Curiosity. You love learning how things work and you're always looking for ways to innovate. You enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results.
Excellent communication skills. You're eloquent and able to strike the perfect tone, whether you're explaining a new policy to riders or drivers, explaining the importance of certain complicated metrics, or responding to support issues over email.
Passion for helping others and creating support experiences that exceed users' expectations.
Support experience in a high-volume environment, including service industries, retail, hospitality or other support environments is preferred.
At Uber, providing amazing support that establishes trust for riders and driver partners-our community-is a core feature of our product experience. We invest in it and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the most compelling, most efficient way. Community Support Representatives are all about helping and educating both riders and drivers. We help people resolve their issues and turn unhappy users into our most passionate evangelists. The right candidate is always looking for unique and exciting ways to resolve problems with exceptional support and exceptional communication, ensuring that problems are resolved promptly while developing trustworthy relationships with our community.
Deliver high-quality service across multiple support platforms (email, chat, phone).
Curiosity. You love learning how things work and you're always looking for ways to innovate. You enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results.
Excellent communication skills. You're eloquent and able to strike the perfect tone, whether you're explaining a new policy to riders or drivers, explaining the importance of certain complicated metrics, or responding to support issues over email.
Passion for helping others and creating support experiences that exceed users' expectations.
Support experience in a high-volume environment, including service industries, retail, hospitality or other support environments is preferred.
At Uber, providing amazing support that establishes trust for riders and driver partners-our community-is a core feature of our product experience. We invest in it and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the most compelling, most efficient way. Community Support Representatives are all about helping and educating both riders and drivers. We help people resolve their issues and turn unhappy users into our most passionate evangelists. The right candidate is always looking for unique and exciting ways to resolve problems with exceptional support and communication, ensuring that problems are resolved promptly while developing trustworthy relationships with our community.
We are seeking an attentive, personable, highly-organized Community Support Representative to support the city's operations team as we continue to grow our presence. This is a full time opportunity working with an amazing operations team on the daily functions that are at the core of Uber.
Deliver high-quality service across multiple support platforms (email, chat, phone)
Natural curiosity. You love learning how things work and you're always looking for creative solutions. You enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results.
Eloquence. You're able to strike the perfect tone, whether you're explaining a new policy to riders or drivers, explaining the importance of certain complicated metrics, or responding to support issues over email.
Passion for helping others and creating support experiences that exceed users' expectations.
You will be at the forefront of rebuilding Uber to be a brand not only known for its amazing product, but for its awesome customer service. You will deliver only the best customer service for riders and partner-drivers globally across multiple support platforms: email, live chat, instant messaging and phone
Passion for creating support experiences that exceed users' expectations.
At Uber, providing excellent support that establishes trust for riders and driver partners-our community-is a core feature of our product experience. We invest in it and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the smartest, most efficient way. We're looking for a Community Operations Manager to develop and lead our support efforts.
Be tasked with scaling support in an innovative way at a company that's growing rapidly and changing constantly.
Be responsible for identifying trends within your team's' performance as well as overall support trends.
At Uber, providing excellent support that establishes trust for riders and driver partners-our community-is a core feature of our product experience. We invest in it and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the smartest, most efficient way. We're looking for a Community Operations Manager to develop and lead support efforts in our Cracow Centre of Excellence (COE). Uber COEs are contact management centers dedicated to providing world-class customer support to riders and drivers. Uber relies on the COEs to provide support for our community's toughest issues types, handle escalations from our tens of thousands of business processing outsourcing (BPO) agents, and provide an environment to pilot support for new products or test new support modalities or processes.
Be tasked with scaling support in an innovative way at a company that's growing rapidly and changing constantly.
Be responsible for identifying trends within your team's' performance as well as overall support trends.
A love of process and optimization. You will be revolutionizing support for the Uber community. You're excited about the opportunity to create and experiment with support processes, and are willing and able to lead others utilizing them.
Lead a team of social media specialists to provide world-class support to our community of users
Transform our current support systems into something that drives immense value for the company
Our Community Operations team is responsible for revolutionizing the concept of support at Uber. With experimentation, launch and growth at the helm, cross functional and global collaboration is ingrained in this team’s daily operating model. From regional processes to country specific implementation, our Managers work on solving some of the most challenging problems and questions from riders, eaters, couriers and driver partners.
Help set up support requirements for new products and markets, roll out new support channels, monitor SLAs, report on results, experiment and launch beta tests
Act as the voice of users and be an evangelist for your country's unique support needs
Develop a team of local Community Operations Specialists, who handle complex support issues and escalations
Help create support logic for new scenarios and work closely with our outsourcing partners to ensure the highest level of quality
Act as a business partner with Vietnam’s General Manager, staying in touch with business growth and direction to craft a support network that anticipates the future
Be an advisor to Regional Leads by providing insight into support needs for Vietnam
A passion for creating support experiences that exceed users' expectations.
Experience with optimisation, processes, systematic organisation, program/project management; experience working in a support organisation or for organisations known for stellar customer support is a plus but not necessary
Community Operations Managers drive forward processes and customer experience by delivering amazing support services for our rider and driver partner community. This content and process-driven role calls for a combination of analytical thinking, excellent communication skills, and the ability to develop effective processes. They are champions for driving effective rider and driver partner experience by working closely with Uber's Community Operations and city operations teams along with headquarters-based engineering, product, and process teams.
Create regional or city-specific support resources for team members to use when resolving rider and driver partner issues.
Drive alignment between city and regional teams, Centers of Excellence and Support Centers to ensure a consistent and world-class customer and support experience.
Seek out, identify, and address the top support issues our community is experiencing. The end goal being that policies and processes work so well and are so clearly laid out that riders and drivers don't need to contact us.
Streamlining support by partnering with internal stakeholders to improve processes, reduce or eliminate unnecessary support contacts and fully resolve rider and driver issues, while empowering future self-resolution.
Owning actions across the company by managing communications, ensuring that responsibility for service is spread across the whole organization and driving accountability and results within customer support teams. You will be the "voice of riders and driver partners" in your region and advocate for their needs to the rest of organization.
Drive and resourcefulness - Community Operations Managers are responsible for continually running and optimising Uber's support network in Southeast and North Asia to provide the best customer experience to our riders and driver-Partners. Community Operations Managers also constantly monitor the performance of the network at any given point in time, optimizing SLAs and metrics ensuring the highest levels of service. This requires a constant focus and the highest levels of dedication.
At Uber, providing amazing support that establishes trust for riders and driver partners-our community-is a core feature of our product experience. We invest in it and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the smartest, most efficient way. We're looking for a Community Operations Manager to develop and lead support efforts for our new support operations center. Community Operations is pioneering how Uber manages rider and driver partner support around the globe. This will be a managerial role with a heavy focus on people management, leading leaders, data analytics, and process continuous improvement. Those interested should be excited to demonstrate these skills and be eager to lead.
You'll be tasked with scaling support in an innovative way at a company that's growing rapidly and changing constantly.
Help lead a team of front-line support representatives to provide world-class support to our community of users.
A love of process and optimization. You will be revolutionizing support for the Uber community. You're excited about the opportunity to create and experiment with support processes, and are willing and able to lead others in utilizing them.
Natural curiosity. You love learning how things work and you're always looking for ways to innovate. You enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results.
Word-savviness. You're eloquent and able to strike the perfect tone, whether you're explaining a new policy to riders or drivers, explaining the importance of certain complicated metrics, or responding to support issues over email.
At Uber, providing amazing support that establishes trust for riders and driver partners—our community—is a core feature of our product experience. We invest in it and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the smartest, most efficient way. Community Operations is pioneering how Uber manages rider and driver partner support around the globe. This role will have a heavy focus on people management, data analytics, and process continuous improvement, so those interested should be excited to demonstrate those skills and be eager to lead.
You'll be tasked with scaling support in an innovative way at a company that's growing like crazy and changing constantly. You're prepared to:
A lover of process and optimization. You will be revolutionizing support for the Uber community. You're excited about the opportunity to create and experiment with support processes, and are willing and able to lead others utilizing them.
Naturally curious. You love learning how things work and you're always looking for ways to innovate. You enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results.
Word­savvy. You're eloquent and able to strike the perfect tone, whether you're explaining a new policy to riders or drivers, explaining the importance of certain complicated metrics, or responding to support issues over email.
Development of new products/solutions (phone support, chat support, ...)
Strategic projects (segmented and differentiated support)
At Uber, providing amazing support that establishes trust for riders and driver partners-our community-is a core feature of our product experience. We invest in it and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the smartest, most efficient way. Community Support Representatives are all about helping and educating both riders and drivers. We help people resolve their issues and turn unhappy users into our most passionate evangelists.
You are always looking for unique and exciting ways to resolve problems with exceptional support and exceptional communication. This role will have a heavy focus on customer support, content creation, data analytics, and process continuous improvement, so those interested should be excited to demonstrate those skills and be eager to lead.
Scale support in an innovative way at a company that's growing rapidly and changing constantly.
Deliver high-quality service across multiple support channels (email, chat, phone). Be a passionate advocate for riders and drivers while answering any questions that come your way.
Be savvy in rider and driver support. Provide Operations Teams in Russia with troubleshooting help and training on how to handle support questions from the users.
Create new efficient, user-centric support processes from scratch and optimize current ones based on data.
A natural curiosity. You love learning how things work and you're always looking for ways to innovate. You enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results.
Word-savviness. You're eloquent and able to strike the perfect tone, whether you're explaining a new policy to riders or drivers, explaining the importance of certain complicated metrics, or responding to support issues over email.
To be a process optimizer. You're excited about the opportunity to create and experiment with support processes, and are willing and able to lead others to utilize them.
At Uber, providing amazing customer support that establishes trust for riders and driver partners—our community—is a core feature of our product experience. We invest in this mission and believe in providing the highest quality service implemented in the smartest, most efficient way.
Community Operations is pioneering how Uber manages rider and driver partner support around the globe and we’re looking for a Team Lead, (you!), to develop and lead various support efforts within our Phoenix Center of Excellence (COE). Uber COEs are contact management centers dedicated to providing premier customer support to riders and drivers. Uber relies on the COEs to provide support for our community’s toughest issues types, and provides an environment to pilot support for new products or test new support modalities or processes.
Bachelor's degree or college experience preferred. At least 1 year of management experience in customer support
Optimistic leadership - you have an enthusiastic attitude and are passionate about making magic for our communities. You view every support interaction as a chance to impact our riders and driver partners in a positive way
Experience in service, customer support, manufacturing or distribution in a high-volume work environment
Our team leaders drive operational excellence through daily performance monitoring, coaching, motivating our teams, and continuously improving our processes. Our site's success is founded on each team member surpassing our productivity, quality and timeliness metrics under the guidance and support of our team leaders.
Instinctive, innovative and inspirational as a leader. There will be excited team members who will look up to you for guidance on difficult or complex issues. They are inspired by your passion for helping others and your dedication to doing the right thing. You're first to drive necessary actions to make sure excellent support is not sacrificed. As a leader, you also utilize analytics and numbers to back up your decisions.
Passionate and dedicated to growing Uber through excellent support. You will be completely transforming the concept of support at Uber. You're excited about engaging with the most challenging problems and questions from riders and partner-drivers.
At Uber, providing world-class customer support for all of our products is a core feature of our experience. Delivering the caliber of customer support we expect isn’t easy—it takes leaders who can understand Uber’s operations, adapt to our constantly changing business, and help solve problems where no solution currently exists.
Community Operations is pioneering how Uber manages customer and partner support around the globe. The team you will join has one mission: Make Customer Experience our #1 Competitive Advantage. You and your teammates will champion this mission every day until there are no doubts it’s a reality.
Develop analytical frameworks to support the company with new markets and products
Experience working with support data, contact management analytics or customer insights
The Business Analyst develops data-driven customer support insights for the Partner Payments Line of Business in the NorthAm Community Operations team.
In this role you will be a subject matter expert and advocate on behalf of the agent and customer experience. You may be a fit if you are excited about diving deep into the world of payments products, support policies, processes, and tools. As an advocate for the “Voice of the Customer”, you will frequently work cross-functionally and have the opportunity to directly influence decisions being made across the organization.
Community Operations is pioneering how Uber manages rider and driver support around the globe. Our Community Support Teams are all about high quality support at scale. As a business analyst, you would be ensuring that the teams are able to continuously provide premier support to everyone involved in the Uber experience.
Develop and execute deep (qualitative and quantitative) analyses using customer support data
Experience working with support data or customer insights
The Business Analyst develops data-driven customer support insights for the Partner Payments Line of Business in the NorthAm Community Operations team.
In this role you will be a subject matter expert and advocate on behalf of the agent and customer experience. You may be a fit if you are excited about diving deep into the world of payments products, support policies, processes, and tools. As an advocate for the “Voice of the Customer”, you will frequently work cross-functionally and have the opportunity to directly influence decisions being made across the organization.
Community Operations is pioneering how Uber manages rider and driver support around the globe. Our Community Support Teams are all about high quality support at scale. As a business analyst, you would be ensuring that the teams are able to continuously provide premier support to everyone involved in the Uber experience.
Develop and execute deep (qualitative and quantitative) analyses using customer support data
Experience working with support data or customer insights
The Business Analyst develops data-driven customer support insights for the Partner Payments Line of Business in the NorthAm Community Operations team.
In this role you will be a subject matter expert and advocate on behalf of the agent and customer experience. You may be a fit if you are excited about diving deep into the world of payments products, support policies, processes, and tools. As an advocate for the “Voice of the Customer”, you will frequently work cross-functionally and have the opportunity to directly influence decisions being made across the organization.
Community Operations is pioneering how Uber manages rider and driver support around the globe. Our Community Support Teams are all about high quality support at scale. As a business analyst, you would be ensuring that the teams are able to continuously provide premier support to everyone involved in the Uber experience.
Develop and execute deep (qualitative and quantitative) analyses using customer support data
Experience working with support data or customer insights
The Business Analyst develops data-driven customer support insights for the Partner Payments Line of Business in the NorthAm Community Operations team.
In this role you will be a subject matter expert and advocate on behalf of the agent and customer experience. You may be a fit if you are excited about diving deep into the world of payments products, support policies, processes, and tools. As an advocate for the “Voice of the Customer”, you will frequently work cross-functionally and have the opportunity to directly influence decisions being made across the organization.
Community Operations is pioneering how Uber manages rider and driver support around the globe. Our Community Support Teams are all about high quality support at scale. As a business analyst, you would be ensuring that the teams are able to continuously provide premier support to everyone involved in the Uber experience.
Develop and execute deep (qualitative and quantitative) analyses using customer support data
Experience working with support data or customer insights
Become the central point-of-contact when internal stakeholders need data; provide ad-hoc analytical support to internal stakeholders
At Uber, providing amazing support that establishes trust for riders and driver partners—our community—is a core feature of our product experience. We invest in it and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the smartest, most efficient way. The Global Network Team is committed to building an efficient network that provides our community with a seamless, prompt, and complete resolution to their concerns - every time.
Help keep key internal stakeholders informed of performance for their regions, and be the go-to POC for outsourced support for our Operations/Product partners.
At the core of the Uber’s business is using data to derive insights and driving decisions. Business Analysts will deliver high priority projects across the Community Operations organization, which is responsible for providing customer support to the rider and driver partner community. Based in Hyderabad, this role will provide critical business insights to help identify opportunities and implement operational improvements.
As a member of the Analytics team, you will drive the analysis behind decisions related to our community’s support experience. The ideal candidate for this role should have strong analytical skills, excellent time-management and organizational habits, and the ability to clearly communicate and present information for stakeholders at all levels of the business.
Develop analytical frameworks to support the company in new markets and products
Identify operational weaknesses and help improve or innovate new processes to keep support teams as efficient as possible
You will be first and foremost a strategist, using a deep knowledge of the product, a passion for agent success and customer support, and analytical skills to drive improvement for the business, the agent, and the customer. You should have excellent analytical skills, great time-management and organizational habits, a creative and problem-solving mindset, and the ability to clearly communicate and present key findings to leadership.
The Strategic Projects and Analytics team, works across all lines of business to plan and execute on high priority projects that are critical to the support Community Operations.
Work cross-functionally across Community Operations to gather information, build analyses, sell ideas and execute on key projects that improve the support experience for drivers and riders
Develop analytical frameworks to support the company with new markets and products
Institute effective training & content strategies to support regional nuances and program effectiveness
Community Operations is pioneering how Uber manages rider and driver partner support around the globe and we’re looking for a Program Manager for our Advanced Customer Support Program to lead our most sensitive support initiatives into Uber’s account security, social media, and accessibility customer service teams. You’ll be responsible for developing and executing on strategies to improve performance and productivity, as well as set goals to track success, all while consistently meeting customer expectations.
Community Operations is pioneering how Uber manages rider and driver partner support around the globe.
Design, implement, and prioritize experiments in areas that need improvement, including saved replies, support logic and policies
Develop, maintain, and QA content for Customer Service Representatives (CSRs) to ensure that the voice, tone, and brand of support is consistent and effective
Push process and volume down to Business Process Outsourcing partners (BPOs) and lower tiers of support by incubating process within the Centers of Excellences (COEs), Uber’s contact centers, and standardizing policy to point of near-automation
Develop support program for new products / features alongside Product Support teams
Develop and implement a plan for international support, including staffing, training, process and translation/localization
Create and optimize support processes; willing and able to lead others utilizing those processes
Experience in service-industry, customer support, manufacturing or distribution in a high-volume and extremely fast-paced environment
You’ll ensure that Uber employees are aware of how to best engage BPO services, partner with them to develop vendor strategies and execute BPO support solutions across existing and current supply base
Uber is looking to add a Tax Manager to our rapidly growing tax team! This role will report to our Head of Taxes for Andean, Central America & Caribbean and will support our tax function in the Andean Region. This is an amazing opportunity to join a newly established tax team and make an immediate impact. If you welcome a high-growth, fast-paced international environment, this may be the opportunity for you!
The tax team builds scalable and well-controlled processes to support timely and accurate financial and statutory reporting and ensure compliance with regional and local tax regulations.
Develop, implement and support Uber’s income tax, transfer pricing and VAT strategies in the region.
Manage and support day-to-day tax affairs ensuring compliance and reporting either directly with local finance or with external advisors
Uber is looking to add an Indirect Tax Analyst to our rapidly growing tax team! This role will report to our U.S. Indirect Tax team to support our domestic tax function. This is an amazing opportunity to join a newly established tax team and make an immediate impact. If you welcome a high-growth, fast-paced global environment, this may be the opportunity for you!
Uber is looking to add a Tax Analyst to our rapidly growing team! This role will support our global tax provision tax functions. This is an amazing opportunity to join a newly established tax team and make an immediate impact. If you welcome a high-growth, fast-paced international environment, this may be the opportunity for you!
Prepare schedules in support of federal and state taxable income and return to provision true-ups
We’re disrupting the transportation space and growing in the U.S. and around the world! We are currently searching for a Senior Risk Manager for North America to join the Uber Insurance Team and support efforts across the region.
The Senior Purchasing Card (PCard) Specialist position within our Financial Operations Team is responsible for supporting our global Purchasing Card Program, based in Mexico City. This position reports into the Global Process Owner, Card based in San Francisco.
Provide administrative support for the corporate card program in LATAM
Identify, plan for and develop strategies, services and activities to support current and future internal customer needs in an efficient, high quality, cost effective manner
4 years of experience in implementation, development, process re-engineering and support of any of the business systems such as Oracle financials.
Enhance the products in FinTech portfolio and provide extraordinary support of your products
Work directly with US and International finance business users in Amsterdam and Singapore to provide extraordinary day-to-day application support
Analyze and support new business initiatives; determine associated accounting treatment, and communicate financial statement impact to senior management
Mentor, teach and review the work of other supporting members of the accounting team
We build scalable and well-controlled processes to support timely and accurate financial and statutory reporting and ensure compliance with regional and local tax regulations.
We are currently searching for a Senior Risk Manager for Middle East Africa to join the Uber Insurance Team and support efforts across the EMEA region.
Participate / Lead compliance calls with the regional team and work closely with the HQ accounting and tax team to support all compliance activities.
Assist business teams on optimizing business processes by evaluating the application controls of systems that support the business process under review, and developing computer assisted audit techniques (CAATs) to test controls
Prepare findings and recommendations and support communication to the executive team
In this role, you will be supporting the APACx UberEATS business and be in a unique position with visibility into the overall business, and this will allow you to reach insights others might not be able to make. In addition to driving and supporting our financial planning, forecasting, and analysis efforts, you’ll have the opportunity to turn these insights into initiatives, running with them and helping drive strategic decisions.  So if you're ready to go deep, working on a rewarding set of challenges and if you've got the finance skills, experience, and passion - read on and get in touch!
Special projects and deal support
In the Sr Associate Strategic Finance role you will report to the EMEA Head of Finance for UberEverything and be in a unique position with visibility into the entire region, and this will allow you to reach insights others might not be able to make. In addition to driving and supporting our financial planning, forecasting, reporting, and analysis efforts, you’ll have the opportunity to turn these insights into initiatives, running with them and helping drive strategic decisions. You will be covering our new UberEATS business within the EMEA region and help support our business in London, Paris and several other markets in EMEA.
City P&L planning - you will be the primary point of contact for all things finance for all cities in our region (including forecasting, goal setting and modeling support)
Special projects and deal support - new initiatives always come up, as strengths emerge you will have the chance to chip in beyond traditional FP&A
The Accounting team seeks to build scalable and well controlled processes to support timely and accurate financial and statutory reporting and ensure compliance with regional and local tax regulations.
The Reporting Senior Associates will work closely with our Tax team, Legal team, Treasury team, Finance Operations team and external consultants to ensure local reporting compliance and accuracy for assigned entities within the region. You will perform activities that include (but are not limited to) delivery of accurate and complete information to our compliance partners, preparation of monthly and quarterly tax returns and registrations, support statutory external audits and perform other ad-hoc activities including tax audit support, as per the prescribed due dates.
The role will report to the Reporting Manager and work closely with other members of the reporting and tax team to manage requests and support the Reporting function. The Reporting Senior Associates responsibility extends to working closely with the third party global reporting and compliance partner (s)  for the assigned entities to drive efficiency for this function.
Works closely with the third party global compliance partner to ensure accurate and complete information is provided in a timely manner. Manages all requests for information and data to support preparation of reporting deliverables and ad-hoc requests.
The role is supported by a regional team and reports to the APAC Head of Tax and Reporting.  But it requires close collaboration with HQ and other Regional Reporting and Tax leads in order to drive the successful management of the global Reporting function.
Work closely with the regional tax team to support tax audits and other tax initiatives/projects.
Manage, support and empower the APAC reporting team members in their daily activities and careers in such a way that they are able to perform their tasks accurately, independently and ultimately reach their true potential.
City P&L planning - you will be the primary point of contact for all things finance for all cities in our region (including forecasting, goal setting and modeling support)
Special projects and deal support - new initiatives always come up, as strengths emerge you will have the chance to contribute beyond traditional FP&A
Team player - this is a highly collaborative and supportive team environment
Partner with Leadership Team, surfacing insights and providing P&L and planning support as we grow our business
City P&L planning - you will be the primary point of contact for all things finance for a set of cities (including forecasting, goal setting, modeling support)
Team player - this is a highly collaborative and supportive team environment
The Manager of Internal Financial Reporting position will assume a role on the Uber Consolidations and Reporting team with the responsibility for the preparation of monthly financial statements, flux analysis, reporting packages, and collaborating with FP&A and Operational Accounting to ensure the accuracy of the monthly results, analyzing Fx impacts on global entities, supporting the consolidation function, as well as reporting on key business drivers to executives. This role is based in San Francisco and reports to the Assistant Controller.
Collaborate closely with the Revenue and Operational Accounting teams to support the close process driving accountability for timely analysis and
Ad Hoc Requests:  Ensure strong understanding of required priorities while supporting ad hoc requests when possible
In this role, you will be partnering with the UberEverything business at Uber. With unique visibility into the global business, you will be able to reach insights others might not be able to make. In addition to driving and supporting our global financial planning, forecasting, reporting, and analysis efforts, you’ll have the opportunity to turn these insights into initiatives, running with them and helping drive strategic decisions.  So if you're ready to go deep, working on a rewarding set of challenges and if you've got the finance skills, experience, and passion - read on and get in touch!
Uber is looking to add an International Tax Planning Manager/Senior Manager to our rapidly growing team! This role will report to the Senior Manager of International Tax and support our international expansion. This is an amazing opportunity to join a newly established Tax team and make an immediate impact. If you welcome a high-growth, fast-paced international environment, we're excited to hear from you.
We build scalable and well-controlled processes to support timely and accurate financial and statutory reporting and ensure compliance with regional and local tax regulations.
Research tax planning ideas that support the business and global tax strategy
Creative thinking to resolve novel tax problems while supporting the business
Uber Internal Audit is looking to hire an Internal Audit Analyst. We're looking for a candidate with business process, IT and financial internal controls experience who is excited to help support the build-out of the internal controls program at Uber. The ideal candidate will have experience with documenting and testing manual business process and IT internal controls. This role is based in San Francisco and reports to the Manager, Financial Audit.
Support audits of financial processes in support of a healthy internal controls environment
Assist in the preparation of findings and recommendations and support communication to the executive team
We are looking for an Investigations Analyst to join Uber’s Internal Audit team. The ideal candidate will have a proven track record of supporting internal audit or financial fraud investigations and working collaboratively to identify and mitigate fraud risk. This role is based in San Francisco.
The Internal Audit Analyst - Fraud & Investigations will support investigations and provide data analysis in an objective, thorough and timely manner. The ideal candidate will have strong interpersonal and communication skills and be able to work with a diverse team.
Provide data analysis and support for fraud investigations
Demonstrated strong analytical skills with successful experience in obtaining, reviewing, and analyzing data to support fraud investigations
Uber is looking to add an Indirect Tax Manager – State and Local to our rapidly growing tax team! This role will support our domestic tax function. This is an amazing opportunity to join a high-growth, fast-paced environment and make an immediate impact. The job calls for a combination of people skills, excellent attention to detail, and superb organizational skills.
Provide tax advisory support to business, including research and analysis of tax issues impacting the business.
Assist with the management of challenging tax matters including corresponding with tax authorities and the provision of tax audit support.  To do this you will need to interface with external tax authorities, government agencies, legal counsels, international stakeholders etc.
Uber Internal Audit is looking to hire an IT Internal Audit Analyst. We're looking for a candidate who is passionate about understanding business processes and the flow of data to be able to assess risks from a systems and process perspective and help support the build-out of the internal controls program at Uber. The ideal candidate will have experience with testing or executing IT internal controls including ITGCs, segregation of duties, and understanding IT dependencies within a business process. This role is based in San Francisco and reports to the Audit Manager, IT Internal Controls.
Support audits of financial processes in support of a healthy internal controls environment
Assist in the preparation of findings and recommendations and support communication to the executive team
Uber is looking to add a Global Tax Provision Analyst / Senior Analyst to our rapidly growing team! This role will report to our Senior Manager of Global Tax Reporting and support our domestic and international tax functions. This is an amazing opportunity to join a newly established tax team and make an immediate impact. If you welcome a high-growth, fast-paced international environment, this may be the opportunity for you!
Prepare schedules in support of federal and state taxable income and return to provision true-ups
As needed, support implementation of Insurance Claims projects globally
As needed, support implementation of Insurance Claims projects globally
Project manage major financial audits and support internal and external auditors in facilitating audits
Provide control related support and training for the team to help mitigate financial risk through fostering an effective controls environment
Create data science to support safety product and insurance
Determine next steps and order inspections in order to support the claim with the customer or carrier in an effort for resolution. Evaluate police and independent inspector reports, including video, written incident reports, etc. in claim resolution
Model data and metadata to support ad-hoc and pre-built reporting.
In this role, you will be supporting the UberEverything business and be in a unique position with visibility into the overall global business, and this will allow you to reach insights others might not be able to make. In addition to driving and supporting our financial planning, forecasting, reporting, and analysis efforts, you’ll have the opportunity to turn these insights into initiatives, running with them and helping drive strategic decisions.  So if you're ready to go deep, working on a rewarding set of challenges and if you've got the finance skills, experience, and passion - read on and get in touch!
Special projects and deal support
As a member of the Capital Markets & Special Projects team, you will be on a tight knit and growing team with a chance to execute on significant contributions to the direction of the company. You will play an integral part in driving and supporting financial analyses across the company, building dynamic, detailed, scalable financial models and most importantly, turning your insights into actionable strategic initiatives (from idea generation through implementation) to facilitate new business growth and strategic decision-making.
Uber is looking for an experienced Engineering Manager to lead a team within our Core Infrastructure group. As a manager within Infrastructure you will have a significant impact on the evolution of Uber's backend teams and architecture. Our mission is to make transportation as reliable as running water, and we need people who are excited to build the dependable foundation that supports that vision.
The Uber team is laser focused on improving the movement of goods around the world in order to make the Uber services world class. The team has need for a strong leader to manage the America's region of this logistics program to support the program’s global expansion.  The ideal individual has a background in Logistics and transportation modalities, with a focus on Air and Ground products.
Uber is seeking a Junior TM1 engineer to join its Financial Engineering group. This position is responsible for assisting in the administration, delivery and support of the Company's enterprise-wide financial planning & analytics environment based on the IBM Cognos TM1 / Planning Analytics platform.
Uber's financial engineering team is making Uber’s finance operation world class. Improving operational efficiency through marketplace intelligent, optimized budget allocation, and just-in-time market adaptation, supported by machine learning technologies and mass optimization into financial planning process.
Financial engineering will provide systems and services that improve the efficiency, accuracy of each phase of the finance operational flow in order to have fast response to the changing market conditions, and assist leadership to make strategic decisions supported by accurate forecast and operational intelligence.
Understand end to end architecture and application support processes
User support & troubleshooting, including permissions management and TM1, BI reports & data issues
Rotational on-call availability for critical systems support
Leading and continuing to build a team of data analysts, data scientists, and data engineers with a cross functional set of stakeholders. Your team will support data and analytics for all business functions (engineering, product, operations, legal)
Experience supporting the analytics needs of all business functions (operations, product, research and development).
Deep system design skills. You know how to build highly-scalable, robust, and fault-tolerant services that support our unique exponential growth requirements. You stay up to date with the latest architectural trends and have exceptional experience building systems for scale.
Uber Engineering is rapidly growing as we take on exciting new opportunities in regions around the world. The need to have a reliable, scalable continuous integration infrastructure is paramount for Uber to continue to deliver a high quality application to millions of users around the world. To support these ambitions, the mobile developer productivity team is looking for talented, experienced backend engineers who can help us build the next generation of our continuous integration infrastructure and services.
Help us shape the services required to support thousands of engineers and deliver our mobile applications to millions of users around the globe
Uber's financial engineering team is making Uber’s finance operation world class. Improving operational efficiency through marketplace intelligent, optimized budget allocation, and just-in-time market adaptation, supported by machine learning technologies and mass optimization into financial planning process.
Financial engineering will provide systems and services that improve the efficiency, accuracy of each phase of the finance operational flow in order to have fast response to the changing market condition, and assist leadership to make strategic decision supported by accurate forecast and operational intelligence.
Uber’s Money Engineering team in Palo Alto, CA, is a high-performing team with an excellent culture marked by respect, excellent design, and execution. We focus on the development of technology that supports Uber’s current businesses and accelerates Uber’s growth through payments innovation. Our team is comprised of world-class developers and engineers with decades of experience and we're looking for exceptional engineers who can work quickly without sacrificing technical excellence.
The Sensing, Inference, and Research team at Uber occupies a key strategic role: utilizing the rich array of sensors to extract semantic inferences and world knowledge to support Uber. Putting it another way: we are building Uber's sensory nervous system.
This is a demanding technical role at the heart of Uber.  Can you make savvy technical choices for the long term that keep Uber on the cutting edge of data technologies?  Can you build relationships with every tier of the business to ensure the data platform supercharges everything that Uber does?  Can you manage, motivate, run, and grow a large dedicated team with multiple skillsets?  You used to be a great engineer and now you’re helping to grow other careers?  You want to have a greater impact on the world by supporting an incredibly compelling product?
The Ubernomics team is responsible for supporting the Chief Economist and creating an architecture that allows Uber to enhance the rider and driver experiences using rigorous economic methods. Building off of an extensive literature on field experiments, the team uses Uber's vast data to construct economic models of behavior to understand which factors affect riders and drivers and how. The team partners with product managers, engineers, and city leads to understand the current customer experience and to experiment with new incentives and features for riders and drivers. In addition, the team supports the Chief Economist in other projects aimed at better understanding Uber customer behavior through economic analysis and experimentation.
Uber Everything Data Scientists help solve the most challenging problems related to Uber's ambitious initiatives in the logistics delivery space, such as Uber Eats and Uber Rush. These fascinating and difficult problems include personalized search and recommendation, travel and food preparation time prediction, text mining and natural language processing, demand and supply forecasting, growth and spend optimization, dynamic pricing, dispatch and routing optimization, and many more. To solve these problems, data scientists leverage unique data sources diverse in both geographical and temporal dimensions and in both structured (data from app sessions, trips, etc.) and unstructured (menu descriptions, food photos, support contacts, etc.) forms.
Uber Everything Data Scientists help solve the most challenging problems related to Uber's ambitious initiatives in the logistics delivery space, such as Uber Eats and Uber Rush. These fascinating and difficult problems include personalized search and recommendation, travel and food preparation time prediction, text mining and natural language processing, demand and supply forecasting, growth and spend optimization, dynamic pricing, dispatch and routing optimization, and many more. To solve these problems, data scientists leverage unique data sources diverse in both geographical and temporal dimensions and in both structured (data from app sessions, trips, etc.) and unstructured (menu descriptions, food photos, support contacts, etc.) forms.
Build decision support systems to illustrate and optimize complex tradeoffs among diverse business metrics.
We are looking for an experienced, passionate data science manager to lead the Customer Obsession Data Science and Data Analytics team, a group responsible for ensuring every Uber customer support experience is world-class. Specifically, this team works to build self-service technology and process that’s deeply integrated with the Uber customer support experience, making it easy for our customers and customer support representatives to get to the right outcome, faster. They’re also responsible for building the models and algorithms that help Uber customers answer their own questions or, even better, avoid the need for a customer support experience at all.
The ability to create structure from ambiguity. The opportunity for Uber in the customer support is massive but nascent - we’re looking for somebody interested in building a new foundation and scaling from there.
The platform supports the full ML workflow:
Combine knowledge of statistical methodology and analysis with programming skills to support complex analyses
Fraud Engineering manages the underlying infrastructure, as well as all products & services, supporting the prevention and detection of Fraud throughout Uber.  This includes Fraud analysis, automation, and payments / incentives / account fraud.
Uber is growing rapidly. We are excited to build a hardware design engineering team from the ground up. We are looking for an innovative industry expert for the Compute Server Design Engineering Lead position. This position will be responsible to technically leading the design of Uber’s compute server which supports all Uber products compute demands (especially new areas covering Autonomous driving and Machine Learning) by using a variety of cutting edge technologies like GPU’s and TPU’s. Our Uber compute product must be designed to be ground breaking, highly efficient, reliable, easy to maintain, and cost effective. This position is for a full time position located in our Palo Alto office.
Work with data center partners to provide support documentation, application notes, errata list and field application notes
Participate in data center road shows, plug-fest, and other industry standards outreach activities to support the new server hardware
Experience with working closely with firmware sw engineering and support device driver debug
As a Client Platform Engineer, you will be responsible for partnering with our Global Tech Services team to design, implement, maintain, and proactively manage & support our enterprise endpoint deployments.
Work cross-functionally as a key contributor to the overall success of a Global Dynamic Tech Services function to participate in projects from concept, to deployment, and ongoing support.
Contribute at a global scale. Despite being based in Amsterdam, we work on integration for the overall Uber platform. Those integrations include Alipay (300M users in China) and Paypal (173M users). Our systems support the entirety of Uber's rider payments platform worldwide.
Manage scale & reliability. Our solutions support Uber's always-on marketplace. Maintaining this platform at scale requires constant investment in security, reliability and monitoring tooling.
Experience in designing, building and maintaining highly scalable, reliable and fault-tolerant services that would support our unique rate-of-growth requirements.
Ability to challenge the status quo and contribute new and innovative ideas to support product.
Ability to challenge the status quo and contribute new and innovative ideas to support product.
This is a collaborator role that requires working closely with internal and external stakeholders, working through differences and opposition, garnering support, bringing the entire Elevate community along.
This is a collaborator role that requires working closely with internal and external stakeholders, working through differences and opposition, garnering support, bringing the entire Elevate community along.
The mobile developer platform team is building a reliable, scalable continuous delivery platform to support the growth of Uber’s mobile engineering team. This platform will process hundreds of thousands of jobs a day as we ship new versions of our app regularly to our end users. To support this scale, the mobile developer platform team is looking for experienced backend engineers who can help us in building this new platform and the set of services that will power it.
The Driver team at Uber is one of the fastest growing, most critical teams focused on growing the number of partners in Uber’s two-sided marketplace. We focus on building the infrastructure to enable Uber to onboard hundreds of thousands of drivers every month and to support millions of active users. The systems we build integrate with many systems at Uber, making us one of the most cross-functional teams at the company. We are looking for strong engineers with a passion for solving complex problems and creating a huge and lasting impact.
The Customer Connections team within Business Platform is building platform & services to provide Uber Integrated and personalized CRM experience that empowers sales team to proactively engage with customers across their full life cycle. Our flagship product, uConnect, supported by machine learning technologies is powering the sales experience and is leveraged by thousands of agents to bring in new customers to the Uber.
Contribute at a global scale. Despite being based in Amsterdam, we work on integration for the overall Uber platform. Those integrations include Alipay (300M users in China) and Paypal (173M users). Our systems support the entirety of Uber's rider payments platform worldwide.
Manage scale & reliability. Our solutions support Uber's always-on marketplace. Maintaining this platform at scale requires constant investment in security, reliability and monitoring tooling.
Uber Engineering is a high ­performance culture marked by fearlessness and hyper productivity. We’re looking for senior mobile engineers (5+ years total career experience; at least 3 years Android experience) with product intuition who can work harder, faster, and smarter without sacrificing technical excellence. Our organizational challenges are unique, so you should be comfortable in uncharted territory and pumped to build systems that can support cities of 100,000 and 10 million people alike.
Crazy stories about supporting multiple Android devices
The candidate needs to possess the skillset to design and implement the ENS to support large scale aerial rideshare operations, as well as drone deliveries. Therefore, the candidate should have extensive experience in scalable systems and creating production systems (such as Uber Dispatch).
The ENS will support large-scale, safe airspace operations. The candidate will work closely with the Director of Airspace Systems (Tom Prevot) to implement the requirements associated with achieving the required high level of safety in airspace operations. Ideally the candidate also has background enabling and measuring safe operations.
Given the zero-to-one nature of Elevate (and thus the airspace systems within Elevate), the candidate will need to be able to envision the potential full scale of airspace operations supported and be able to lay out a framework that will support effective development and large scale operations.
The candidate needs to possess the skillset to design and implement the ENS to support large scale aerial rideshare operations, as well as drone deliveries. Therefore, the candidate should have extensive experience in scalable systems and creating production systems (such as Uber Dispatch).
The ENS will support large-scale, safe airspace operations. The candidate will work closely with the Director of Airspace Systems (Tom Prevot) to implement the requirements associated with achieving the required high level of safety in airspace operations. Ideally the candidate also has background enabling and measuring safe operations.
Given the zero-to-one nature of Elevate (and thus the airspace systems within Elevate), the candidate will need to be able to envision the potential full scale of airspace operations supported and be able to lay out a framework that will support effective development and large scale operations.
Adapt and innovate research methods to meet product needs by delivering high quality insights in a fast paced work environment, and by contextualizing for specific use cases related to business travel and expense management and leading the exploration of new opportunities for Uber to support various types of businesses, both large and small
We’re hiring researchers with varying levels of experience to help create memorable experiences for our riders and partners, and level up products used by our city teams to keep Uber moving globally. You will help grow our talented research team within the US and beyond. Today, our researchers are based in 8 different cities that represent 6 countries, and they support products used in over 400 cities in which Uber operates.
We’re hiring researchers with varying levels of experience to help create memorable experiences for our riders and partners, and level up products used by our city teams to keep Uber moving globally. You will help grow our talented research team in India and beyond. Today, our researchers are based in 8 different cities that represent 6 countries, and they support products used in over 400 cities in which Uber operates.
Uber Advanced Technologies Group is developing next generation mapping, vehicle safety, and autonomy technologies. As part of this effort, we’re building a small group of uniquely talented and thoughtful designers to define the next generation platform and tooling that supports a variety of high-reaching initiatives.
Uber is building a central creative team in Amsterdam to support all EMEA markets. We're seeking a skilled digital design manager to lead and support the digital design team. The multi talented digital design team consists of copywriters, designers, content strategist and production designers. The role demands great execution, bold innovation, passion with quality, boldness and optimism to be inspired by the unknown and never settle, solving problems with creativity while keeping the user in mind and passion to take projects to the finish line. We are highly user-centric and we sincerely believe we can innovate our way out of any box.
You create communications to inform and improve user experiences, but more importantly to elicit specific actions that achieve business goals. Your approach is rooted in bottom-line thinking, using analytics to guide creative decisions and support arguments. You can use research and data to help bolster your creative decisions.
Providing comms strategic support for the business and policy goals in Germany
Drive initiatives. You will drive and support key initiatives across our business teams to grow strategic and long term opportunities with our various partners. This involves wearing many hats and jumping in to help your teammates when the needs arise.
Experience supporting sales leadership as primary partner
This is a unique opportunity to be a founding member of the UberEverything business organization. We need a highly motivated self-starter who thrives in a team environment and is excited to create and support a new business within Uber.
Experience supporting sales leadership as primary partner
Hands-on; happy to shift from strategic thinking to rolling up your sleeves and supporting implementation.
You’ll lead a team of Sales Representatives and will work closely with the General Manager and the Operations and Marketing teams to support processes that scale and innovate UberEATS sales from the ground up.
UberEATS is seeking a sales manager to lead our representatives in Hong Kong - someone who does this with both short and long-term market goals in mind, ensuring the right people and processes are in place to get there. You’ll work closely with general managers, sales operations, and marketing to support processes that scale and innovate UberEATS sales from the ground up.
Uber Eats is seeking a skilled sales manager to be a leader on our SMB Inside Sales Team. We are looking for someone who can balance the short and long term, think strategically, and also execute at a tactical level. You’ll work closely with general managers and sales operations to support processes that scale and innovate Uber Eats sales from the ground up.
Manage restaurant relationships early, keeping them engaged and making sure they feel  valued. Provide excellent customer service and support for these restaurant partners throughout the on-boarding cycle
Manage restaurant relationships early, keeping them engaged and making sure they feel  valued. Provide excellent customer service and support for these restaurant partners throughout the on-boarding cycle
Manage restaurant relationships early, keeping them engaged and making sure they feel  valued. Provide excellent customer service and support for these restaurant partners throughout the on-boarding cycle
Manage restaurant relationships early, keeping them engaged and making sure they feel  valued. Provide excellent customer service and support for these restaurant partners throughout the on-boarding cycle
Manage restaurant relationships early, keeping them engaged and making sure they feel  valued. Provide excellent customer service and support for these restaurant partners throughout the on-boarding cycle
Manage restaurant relationships early, keeping them engaged and making sure they feel  valued. Provide excellent customer service and support for these restaurant partners throughout the on-boarding cycle
Manage restaurant relationships early, keeping them engaged and making sure they feel  valued. Provide excellent customer service and support for these restaurant partners throughout the on-boarding cycle
Manage restaurant relationships early, keeping them engaged and making sure they feel  valued. Provide excellent customer service and support for these restaurant partners throughout the on-boarding cycle
Manage restaurant relationships early, keeping them engaged and making sure they feel  valued. Provide excellent customer service and support for these restaurant partners throughout the on-boarding cycle
Develop analytical frameworks to support the company in new markets, partnerships, projects and products
Pursue, evaluate, support negotiations and ensure execution of top business development opportunities in the region while working with key internal stakeholders (e.g. product, engineering, operations, legal, etc.)
Build meaningful, strong relationships with our restaurant partners by delivering 5-star, on-brand support and helpful insight.
You have retail, restaurant, sales or customer support experience
Engineering support for field testing and fleet operations
Work with a world-class engineering team and the support of an established data infrastructure;
Work with an outstanding engineering team and the support of an established data infrastructure
Manage issue critical issues and provide support to teams balancing trying priorities.
Make teams better. You're excited to work with a team to the finish line or work hard on new opportunities. You work well in fast moving teams and have no problem in collaborating with others to resolve difficult problems. You support your team as much as your team supports you
We provide tier one support for all self driving Uber’s needing help while performing various missions around the continent.  Through the use of an ever growing toolset we provide documented issues to developers, as well as return vehicles to their intended purpose.
Work with an outstanding engineering team and the support of an established data infrastructure
Work with an outstanding engineering team and the support of an established data infrastructure
The UATG Developer Infrastructure team is dedicated to providing a consistent development experience across all software development use cases at UATG. In addition, we are architecting the future of infrastructure to support our expanding self-driving fleet of vehicles.
Automate infrastructure provisioning and management to scale massive systems supporting self-driving development
Maintain and support large-scale batch processing development pipelines
Architect the future of infrastructure supporting self-driving cars at world-scale
Experience architecting, building, and supporting distributed systems for batch processing and cluster computation
Minimum 5 years supporting infrastructure in large-scale environments
You’ve supported storage platforms like HDFS, Lustre, or FreeNAS
The UATG Developer Infrastructure team is dedicated to providing a consistent development experience across all software development use cases at UATG. In addition, we are architecting the future of infrastructure to support our expanding self-driving fleet of vehicles.
Automate infrastructure provisioning and management to scale massive systems supporting self-driving development
Maintain and support large-scale batch processing development pipelines
Architect the future of infrastructure supporting self-driving cars at world-scale
Experience architecting, building, and supporting distributed systems for batch processing and cluster computation
Minimum 5 years supporting infrastructure in large-scale environments
You’ve supported storage platforms like HDFS, Lustre, or FreeNAS
We are seeking DevOps engineers with independent problem solving skills and a high level of technical curiosity. Our technical challenges are unique; you will need to be comfortable working in uncharted territory, and excited to build systems that can support cities of 100,000 and 10 million people alike.
We are seeking DevOps engineers with independent problem solving skills and a high level of technical curiosity. Our technical challenges are unique; you will need to be comfortable working in uncharted territory, and excited to build systems that can support cities of 100,000 and 10 million people alike.
Work with an outstanding engineering team and the support of an established data infrastructure;
We are seeking Software Engineers working on large-scale distributed systems with independent problem solving skills and a high level of technical curiosity. Our organizational challenges are unique, so you should be comfortable in uncharted territory and pumped to build systems that can support cities of 100,000 and 10 million people alike.
We are seeking Software Engineers working on Large-Scale Distributed Systems with independent problem solving skills and a high level of technical curiosity. Our organizational challenges are unique, so you should be comfortable in uncharted territory and pumped to build systems that can support cities of 100,000 and 10 million people alike. Do you enjoy field testing? Are you willing to put in lots of energy to help bring new technologies from prototype to production? If so, then keep reading.
The ATG Data Applications & Pipelines team is tasked with building the next generation data platforms that will support the research and development of self-driving software. The teams is responsible for the curation of very large scale autonomous vehicle data, including the processing, storage, indexing, searching, and, distribution of the data to the entire organization.
Strong service oriented architecture chops, experience in building highly scalable, robust, and fault-tolerant services that support our unique rate-of-growth requirements
Help to develop, support and enable the best software engineering practices across a large software engineering team
As an Autonomy Test Engineer, you will be part of a team responsible for analyzing driving events encountered by our vehicles on the road, identifying the underlying reasons for failures, and designing the scenarios that will simulate behavior of our vehicles and surrounding actors. You will be interpreting results and understanding areas of improvement to make autonomous technology ready for the road. You will support other ATG efforts with clear and concise data that provides unambiguous feedback so autonomy engineering and technical leaders make the right choices. You will maintain awareness of new features and define the processes and mechanisms to verify performance of all relevant scenarios before the software releases.
Develop infrastructure systems that support training and evaluation of deep learning and other ML algorithms used by self-driving vehicles
As an autonomous vehicle test engineer, you will support functional testing for hardware and software related to mapping, safety, and autonomous vehicle operation. Test engineers work closely with engineering developers and technicians to facilitate test planning, execution, and reporting.
Travel up to 25% to support testing in remote locations for extended periods of time
Provide rapid design modeling support for parallel concept development
Bring concept models into visualization pipeline to support design presentations
