Affirm Production Designer

affirm is seeking a production designer to execute the end-to-end design and production of marketing campaigns, presentations, and sales collateral. the production designer will be responsible for ensuring all partner and customer facing marketing collateral is aligned with affirm s design principles and maintains a high level of quality. this individual will have an eye for detail and enjoy the technical aspect of design. they will work closely with our marketing, design, and copy teams to prioritize work and meet deadlines.
mastery of visual and communication design principles.
integrates business ideas and requirements into design.
prioritize, plan, and execute projects in a timely manner.
manage process and details to drive scale and results.
ability to organize and articulate ideas into easily consumable presentations.
facilitate trust and relationships at all levels of the organization.
work with marketing, design, and copy teams.
work with ceo and other executives on external presentations.
design and produce visually captivating work for affirm s clients.
conceptualizing key account mock-ups for sales.
final production file prep.
working with printers and other vendors to ensure production quality and deadlines.
design deliverables
company and executive presentations.
partner co-marketing mock-ups.
internal and external training materials.
conference booths and collateral designs.
in-store pop displays.
financial reports.
assets for pr and publications.
marketing toolkits and templates (b2b and b2c): banner ads, case studies, social media, microsites, emails, ebooks and infographics.
bachelor s degree in graphic design/related field or equivalent experience.
have 0 to 1 years of prior experience.
proficiency in adobe creative cloud (illustrator, photoshop, indesign) and sketch.
proficiency in keynote and powerpoint.
detail-oriented with the ability to work under pressure and multi-task.
results driven without compromising quality.
works well in a fast paced, team environment.
understanding of web design principles.
must have an online portfolio or pdf to apply.
