Affirm Senior/Lead User Researcher

are you driven by empathy and a passion for understanding people? do you strive to uncover peoples  deep needs and values through observation and interviews? do you love testing concepts and solutions that seek to meet those needs? at affirm, you will play a critical role in understanding the intimate relationship people have with their finances and how it impacts their daily lives. you will bring others along in understanding how people perceive and manage their finances, and in doing so help the team create truly impactful experiences for our customers.
lead research for one of our product areas, including identifying impactful projects and prioritizing initiatives
design studies that address both user behavior and attitudes.
generate insights that both fuel ideation and evaluate designs.
conduct research using a wide variety of qualitative methods, subset of quantitative methods (i.e. surveys), and interpret analysis through the lens of ux, hci, and social science.
work cross-functionally with design, product management, content strategy, engineering and marketing.
partner with engineers, analysts, and other technical roles to create and share research.
adapt and lead research practices to meet team needs under the tight timeframes of a rapidly growing company.
synthesize and communicate research findings to inform business decisions and build even greater empathy for our customers.
b.a/b.s. in anthropology, psychology, social science or a related field or equivalent experience.
5-7 years experience in applied product research.
command of a set of qualitative and user-centered design methods.
demonstrated ability to plan and conduct research in close collaboration with people in a variety of roles, including design, engineering, and product management.
knowledge of quantitative, behavioral analysis, and statistical concepts.
experience with survey research (questionnaire design, sampling, analysis).
ability to ask, as well as answer, meaningful and impactful questions.
the drive to explore and define research opportunities throughout the company.
ability to clearly, concisely, and persuasively communicate your findings, verbally and in writing.
