Affirm Director, Travel

as an enterprise travel partnerships director, you will join the team driving affirm s travel business: building and maintaining relationships with travel leaders, identifying and developing the products and services they need, and informing the sales and marketing requirements to best address this market. our business development team takes a consultative approach, helping our clients maneuver in the ever-changing digital landscape.
this person will drive partnerships that have a major strategic impact on the long-term success of affirm. we look to this person to represent both affirm to the merchant and the merchant back to affirm s internal stakeholders. while responsible for driving loan volume and revenue, this person is ultimately tasked with learning what it takes to fight incumbents in the market and structure mutually beneficial partnerships with our strategic targets; they will then take these learnings to inform our go-forward strategy and lead in product-marketing efforts for the vertical. this person will provide leadership to the sales, product, engineering, marketing, finance, and legal teams as we look to drive the future iteration of affirm s product offering.
build and nurture strong relationships at top travel companies, partnering to find solutions to provide financing to their customers and grow their business
deliver insights on business trends, opportunities, and product needs to senior leadership across the organization through compelling market analysis presentations
identify and evaluate our incumbents and how to best address holes in the market
project-manage all cross-functional execution needed throughout the sales-cycles and beyond: business development, customer success, marketing, product management, finance, risk, legal and customer service
ensure excellent service and communication from affirm to our partners; ensure excellent representation of our partners to internal affirm stakeholders
inform selling strategy and strategic direction for travel vertical
responsible for meeting bi-annual goals and business objectives
based in san francisco hq; autonomous travel (30% of time)
you are a curious, entrepreneurial leader with plenty of grit, analytical prowess, creative thinking, and initiative. you re able to develop a deep understanding of , and empathy for, our travel partners  needs.
6+ years of solution selling, management consulting or strategic operations with a digital product
must have experience in travel and/or financial technology landscape
communication & relationships: highly developed interpersonal skills and ability to build relationships both internally and with c-level decision makers within the travel vertical
analytical: understands p&l and quantitative levers used by our clients
objectivity: able to look beyond your biases and opinions to deliver the best possible solution for customers
collaborative
:
outgoing team player excited to work cross-functionally and build relationships
proactive leadership
:
seeks out new opportunities, drives projects, & navigates ambiguity with grace
at affirm we are using technology to re-imagine and re-build core parts of financial infrastructure to enable friendlier and more transparent financial products and services that improve lives.
we believe the financial industry is fundamentally broken. not only is the core infrastructure built with technology from the 1970s, but there are a dwindling number of people who say "i trust my bank to look out for me". it doesn t have to be this way, and it s our mission to fix this problem.
we are based in san francisco; founded by max levchin (founding cto of paypal), jeff kaditz (cdo dena/ngmoco), and nathan gettings (founding cto of palantir); and building a team of exceptionally talented people to join us on our mission.
