Software Engineer - Machine Learning
 San Francisco, CA
 Engineering
 Full-Time
 Apply for this job
 Affirm is a data-driven financial technology company. Data is core to our decision making processes, from validating identities and detecting fraud, to credit underwriting and servicing. We seek to revolutionize the credit system by building more holistic, accurate, and democratic alternatives to incumbent systems and methods.
 Machine learning is a critical tool in this effort, and as a member of the software engineering team, you will work on building, optimizing, and supporting these machine learning systems both offline and real time.
 WHAT YOU'LL DO
 Build production machine learning models; your models will decide who we lend to in real time, and how we interact with our existing customers
 Develop the core decisioning service supporting our machine learning models in production
 Optimize the decisioning service with respect to the accuracy of the underlying models, the latency of different 3rd party data sources, and the expected financial cost of those data sources
 Develop our understanding of new data sources and how they may improve our existing processes
 Work closely with Affirm’s credit, risk, and analytics teams to understand our risk modeling strategy and the business drivers underlying that strategy
 WHAT WE LOOK FOR
 Deep understanding and experience with data engineering, data analysis, and statistical modeling, in the development of a real-time service 
 Strong proficiency writing production-quality code, preferably industry engineering experience with machine learning projects (e.g. recommendation, ranking, optimization)
 Ability to work efficiently both solo and as part of a team; willingness to learn new things
 Passion and drive to change consumer banking for the better, while developing a deeper understanding of applied machine learning
 ABOUT AFFIRM
 At Affirm we are using technology to re-imagine and re-build core parts of financial infrastructure to enable friendlier and more transparent financial products and services that improve lives.
 We believe the financial industry is fundamentally broken. Not only is the core infrastructure built with technology from the 1970s, but there are a dwindling number of people who say "I trust my bank to look out for me". It doesn’t have to be this way, and it’s our mission to fix this problem.
 We are based in San Francisco; founded by Max Levchin (founding CTO PayPal), Jeff Kaditz (CDO DeNA/ngmoco), and Nathan Gettings (founding CTO of Palantir); and building a team of exceptionally talented people to join us on our mission.
 Apply for this job
 Affirm Home Page
 Jobs powered by 
