Product Design Manager
 San Francisco, CA
 Design
 Full-Time
 Apply for this job
 People’s relationship with their money is deeply personal and complex. Everyday they make decisions based on their means, whether it’s to make a purchase or invest in their future. We use design to rethink what personal finance can do for these individuals. We build experiences that give them freedom, security, knowledge, and a better quality of life.
 Design serves a vital role at Affirm: from building narratives through data to creating products that help people make important financial decisions. As a Product Design Manager you are responsible for guiding your team in crafting experiences that solve the problems people struggle with everyday. You will uphold higher standards and help others build the skill set they need to succeed in our design organization. You will empower your designers to make decisions on the day-to-day, while maintaining the holistic vision of where your team's initiatives bring the company and driving them towards it. Your role is to reinforce the north star of where design is going at Affirm and let your teams' work shine.
 What You'll Do
 Manage and develop a team of designers. This requires setting clear goals, managing project loads and allocating designers accordingly, ensuring deadlines are met and setting up team members for overall success.
 Guide the team to develop best practices for ensuring a high bar for quality.
 Guide the team towards simple and intuitive solutions for our customers.
 Collaborate cross-functionally with product management, engineering, user research and communication design to ensure a smooth product development process.
 Work closely with product and design leadership to ensure a cohesive user experience across all products and services.
 Help define and communicate the design strategy and vision for the company.
 Recruit new designers and actively participate in the hiring process.
 Contribute as a designer when necessary.
 Execute in a fast-paced and highly fluid environment.
 Gauge performance of individual contributors and have candid conversations focused on helping them improve.
 Take feedback and continuously improve yourself as a design leader.
 What We Look For
 Minimum 2 year industry experience in a people management role on a Design team.
 Minimum 5 years of design experience. 
 A portfolio of relevant design work (from UX design to visual design systems), executed either by yourself or a team that you led, that showcases your ability to ship successful products that people love. 
 A user-centered design approach.
 Highly collaborative, low-ego approach to design.
 Experience working with engineers, product managers, and user researchers to drive strategy, vision, and execution.
 Experience attracting, hiring and retaining top design talent.
 Comfortable managing a wide range of responsibilities at the same time.
 ABOUT AFFIRM
 At Affirm we are using technology to re-imagine and re-build core parts of financial infrastructure to enable friendlier and more transparent financial products and services that improve lives.
 We believe the financial industry is fundamentally broken. Not only is the core infrastructure built with technology from the 1970s, but there are a dwindling number of people who say "I trust my bank to look out for me". It doesn’t have to be this way, and it’s our mission to fix this problem.
 We are based in San Francisco; founded by Max Levchin (founding CTO of PayPal), Jeff Kaditz (CDO DeNA/ngmoco), and Nathan Gettings (founding CTO of Palantir); and building a team of exceptionally talented people to join us on our mission.
 Apply for this job
 Affirm Home Page
 Jobs powered by 
