Senior/Lead User Researcher
 San Francisco, CA
 Design
 Full-time
 Apply for this job
 Are you driven by empathy and a passion for understanding people? Do you strive to uncover peoples’ deep needs and values through observation and interviews? Do you love testing concepts and solutions that seek to meet those needs? At Affirm, you will play a critical role in understanding the intimate relationship people have with their finances and how it impacts their daily lives. You will bring others along in understanding how people perceive and manage their finances, and in doing so help the team create truly impactful experiences for our customers.
 What You'll Do
 Lead research for one of our product areas, including identifying impactful projects and prioritizing initiatives
 Design studies that address both user behavior and attitudes.
 Generate insights that both fuel ideation and evaluate designs.
 Conduct research using a wide variety of qualitative methods, subset of quantitative methods (i.e. surveys), and interpret analysis through the lens of UX, HCI, and social science.
 Work cross-functionally with design, product management, content strategy, engineering and marketing.
 Partner with engineers, analysts, and other technical roles to create and share research.
 Adapt and lead research practices to meet team needs under the tight timeframes of a rapidly growing company.
 Synthesize and communicate research findings to inform business decisions and build even greater empathy for our customers.
 What We Look For
 B.A/B.S. in Anthropology, Psychology, Social Science or a related field or equivalent experience.
 5-7 years experience in applied product research.
 Command of a set of qualitative and user-centered design methods.
 Demonstrated ability to plan and conduct research in close collaboration with people in a variety of roles, including design, engineering, and product management.
 Knowledge of quantitative, behavioral analysis, and statistical concepts.
 Experience with survey research (questionnaire design, sampling, analysis).
 Ability to ask, as well as answer, meaningful and impactful questions.
 The drive to explore and define research opportunities throughout the company.
 Ability to clearly, concisely, and persuasively communicate your findings, verbally and in writing.
 ABOUT AFFIRM
 At Affirm we are using technology to re-imagine and re-build core parts of financial infrastructure to enable friendlier and more transparent financial products and services that improve lives.
 We believe the financial industry is fundamentally broken. Not only is the core infrastructure built with technology from the 1970s, but there are a dwindling number of people who say "I trust my bank to look out for me". It doesn’t have to be this way, and it’s our mission to fix this problem.
 We are based in San Francisco; founded by Max Levchin (founding CTO of PayPal), Jeff Kaditz (CDO DeNA/ngmoco), and Nathan Gettings (founding CTO of Palantir); and building a team of exceptionally talented people to join us on our mission.
 Apply for this job
 Affirm Home Page
 Jobs powered by 
