Senior Credit Analyst
 San Francisco, CA
 Data/Risk
 Full-time
 Apply for this job
 Do you love making data-driven decisions? Are you fed up with how slow big banks move? Do you want to work in a fast-paced environment with brilliant people? Come join us in our mission to change consumer finance through better technology, lower costs, and increased transparency while providing the best customer experience. We’re looking for a smart individual who wants to learn, grow, and solve hard problems.
 What you'll do
 Quantitative analysis on Affirm's loan portfolio
 Design and test new credit policies
 Consumer and Merchant pricing
 Assist in new product formation and new markets exploration
 Conduct ad-hoc data analyses
 Manage external reporting and present to investors (debt and equity)
 Monitor macroeconomic trends impacting loan performance and drive adjustments to our underwriting and marketing strategies to mitigate risk
 What we look for
 Passion and drive to change banking, payments and online marketing for the better
 2-4 years’ work experience as an business analyst in product/marketing/credit
 Experience with SQL, Python, or other scripting languages
 Enough laziness to find a faster way to do your least favorite tasks
 Grit. Lots of grit. You’ll wear 7 hats and not love all of them
 Intelligence + Humility. Hubris is the fastest way to blow up a bank!
 ABOUT AFFIRM
 At Affirm we are using technology to re-imagine and re-build core parts of financial infrastructure to enable friendlier and more transparent financial products and services that improve lives.
 We believe the financial industry is fundamentally broken. Not only is the core infrastructure built with technology from the 1970s, but there are a dwindling number of people who say "I trust my bank to look out for me". It doesn’t have to be this way, and it’s our mission to fix this problem.
 We are based in San Francisco; founded by Max Levchin (founding CTO of PayPal), Jeff Kaditz (CDO DeNA/ngmoco), and Nathan Gettings (founding CTO of Palantir); and building a team of exceptionally talented people to join us on our mission.
 Apply for this job
 Affirm Home Page
 Jobs powered by 
