Senior Software Engineer/Technical Lead - Backend Platform
 San Francisco, CA
 Engineering
 Full-Time
 Apply for this job
 You will be the technical leader on a small team responsible for preventing Affirm from issuing fraudulent loans. A strong platform engineer and leader in this role is critical to keep Affirm ahead of fraudsters as our user base and loan volume continue to grow rapidly. You will be crucial to keeping Affirm in business as fraudsters continue to innovate.
 Candidates for this role should have strong server-side engineering chops, prior mentorship experience, and prior experience in architecting large software features. 
 What You'll Do
 Lead technical projects from specification and planning, through execution & coding with multiple engineers, to testing and deployment into production
 Design, implement, and extend core platform services and APIs to enable new products and features to be built
 Architect and build the next version of our third party bank data ingestion pipeline
 Analyze/debug performance issues across distributed services
 Plan, design, and build our core platform software and systems to scale with an increasing number of users, features, business requirements, partners, and new engineers
 Provide mentoring to more junior engineers in their progress on business and personal career goals
 What We Look For 
 Passion and drive to change consumer finance for the better
 Experience building real-time distributed web services in the Consumer of SaaS space
 Ability to pick up new technologies quickly
 Strong software engineering fundamentals are far more important than familiarity with specific tools or languages
 Emphasis on writing clear, readable, testable code
 Nice to Have
 Prior experience working with decisioning systems, machine learning, or fraud.
 Python expertise 
 ABOUT AFFIRM
 At Affirm we are using technology to re-imagine and re-build core parts of financial infrastructure to enable friendlier and more transparent financial products and services that improve lives.
 We believe the financial industry is fundamentally broken. Not only is the core infrastructure built with technology from the 1970s, but there are a dwindling number of people who say "I trust my bank to look out for me". It doesn’t have to be this way, and it’s our mission to fix this problem. 
 We are based in San Francisco; founded by Max Levchin (founding CTO PayPal), Jeff Kaditz (CDO DeNA/ngmoco), and Nathan Gettings (founding CTO of Palantir); and building a team of exceptionally talented people to join us on our mission.
 Apply for this job
 Affirm Home Page
 Jobs powered by 
