Data Scientist - Product Analytics
 San Francisco, CA
 Strategy & Analytics
 Full-time
 Apply for this job
 Do you love bringing data to life and driving data driven decision making? Are you fed up with how slow big banks move? Do you want to work in a fast paced environment with brilliant people? Come join us in our mission to change consumer finance through better technology, lower costs, and increased transparency while providing the best customer experience. We are looking for a top-notch coding and data guru to help scale our analytic and visualization capabilities and infrastructure. 
 What You'll Do
 Get your hands dirty as you help us continue to scale our analytics infrastructure. We use homegrown, open source, and 3rd party solutions
 Explore vast quantities of data to draw unique insights and patterns in behavior
 Partner cross-functionally with our Product, Sales and Marketing, Servicing and Risk teams to execute on insights
 Apply your technical and statistical skills to help optimize business outcomes, leveraging the best tools for the situation from linear regression to advanced machine learning approaches
 Conduct ad-hoc analyses to drive strategic decision-making throughout the company
 What We Look For
 Passion and drive to change banking, payments and online marketing for the better
 BA/BS degree in a quantitative discipline or equivalent experience
 At least 5 years of experience in an engineering/analytical role focused on analytic and data driven decision making
 Strong coding skills (e.g., Python, SQL, Postgres, R) 
 Ability to think creatively and critically and thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic, and often ambiguous work environment
 Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work in a team environment
 Enough laziness to find a faster way to do your least favorite tasks
 Grit. Lots of grit. You’ll wear 7 hats and not love all of them
 Intelligence + Humility. Hubris is the fastest way to blow up a bank!
 ABOUT AFFIRM
 At Affirm we are using technology to re-imagine and re-build core parts of financial infrastructure to enable friendlier and more transparent financial products and services that improve lives.
 We believe the financial industry is fundamentally broken. Not only is the core infrastructure built with technology from the 1970s, but there are a dwindling number of people who say "I trust my bank to look out for me". It doesn’t have to be this way, and it’s our mission to fix this problem.
 We are based in San Francisco; founded by Max Levchin (founding CTO of PayPal), Jeff Kaditz (CDO DeNA/ngmoco), and Nathan Gettings (founding CTO of Palantir); and building a team of exceptionally talented people to join us on our mission.
 Apply for this job
 Affirm Home Page
 Jobs powered by 
