Event Specialist
 San Francisco, CA
 People & Places
 Full-time
 Apply for this job
 We’re looking for an experienced and outgoing Event Specialist to join the Places team.  The Places team handles everything facilities related, which includes greeting guests, running our food program, caring for our employees, our employee swag/book program, office tidiness, company events and more.  We’re a team oriented group with a can-do attitude and are always ready to step in and help when needed.  
 As the Event Specialist, you will be responsible for 
 independently
  planning and executing all events for Affirm employees, including all budgeting and logistics.  Our ideal candidate must have the ability to manage an event from start to finish, and be willing to do whatever it takes to see the event succeed.  Additionally, you should be highly accountable, self-directed, organized, and detail-oriented. 
 What you'll do
 Create a cadence for company events ranging from small informal office gatherings to large quarterly events 
 Manage and execute all event logistics (i.e. venue research and booking, food & beverage selection, transportation, employee guest list, gifts, swag, etc.)
 Shape and maintain company culture through events and coordinate cross-functionally to create a cohesive event philosophy 
 Develop and maintain strong vendor relationships; review contracts and closely track payment obligations
 Design and propose event budgets; manage event profit and loss statement; work closely with Finance to create and maintain annual budget for events
 Actively engage with employees to keep a pulse on interest and feedback 
 Partner with the Office Coordinators team to provide an amazing employee experience
 What we look for
 3-5 years of direct experience in event planning
 A team player ready to pitch in wherever needed
 Ability to plan events that keep our employees excited and engaged
 Effective project management skills, attention to detail, and ability to meet tight deadlines under pressure
 Outgoing and self-motivated with a high sense of accountability
 Highly flexible amidst last-minute changes
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills
 An optimistic outlook and enjoyment in working through complicated situations
 A pulse on current trends as well as an ability to keep events relevant and fresh
 Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience preferred
 At Affirm we are using technology to re-imagine and re-build core parts of financial infrastructure to enable cheaper, friendlier, and more transparent financial products and services that improve lives.
  
 We believe the financial industry is fundamentally broken. Not only is the core infrastructure built with technology from the 1970s, but there are a dwindling number of people who say, "I trust my bank to look out for me." It doesn’t have to be this way, and it’s our mission to fix this problem.
  
 We are based in San Francisco; founded by Max Levchin (founding CTO PayPal), Jeff Kaditz (CDO DeNA/ngmoco), and Nathan Gettings (founding CTO of Palantir); and building a team of exceptionally talented people to join us on our mission.
 Apply for this job
 Affirm Home Page
 Jobs powered by 
