Lead Software Engineer - Machine Learning
 San Francisco, CA
 Engineering
 Full-Time
 Apply for this job
 Affirm is a data-driven financial technology company. Machine learning is core to our decision making processes, from validating identities and detecting fraud, to credit underwriting and servicing. We seek to revolutionize the credit system by building higher quality alternatives to incumbent systems and methods.
 We are looking for a staff level software engineer to lead our platform efforts in machine learning. You will be a technical leader within the engineering team, leading a team of engineers in developing an integrated system to support offline research, feature engineering, and model development, as well as robust and reliable execution of online decision systems. As a member of the Risk Engineering team, you will work closely with data scientists in our Risk and Analytics organization to build, test, deploy, and maintain software that enables them to work more efficiently and effectively. 
 What you will do
 Designing and developing machine learning systems that support our identity verification, fraud detection, credit underwriting, and servicing functions
 Testing and validation systems for data pipelines, business logic, and decision models
 Research and develop tools enabling our data scientists to efficiently and safely develop, test, and deploy experimental and production signals, models, and policies
 Effectively planning, coordinating, and communicating within the team, and cross-functionally 
 What We Look For
 Passion and drive to change consumer banking for the better
 7+ years industry experience
 Strong proficiency and industry experience building and leading the development of production-quality machine learning systems
 Solid engineering and software development skills - ability to write, test, deploy, and maintain high-quality production code
 Deep understanding of models, feature engineering, feature selection, and other applied ML issues
 Experience in Python, or other dynamically typed language, is a plus
 Engineering management experience is a plus
 Finance and credit experience is a plus
 ABOUT AFFIRM
 At Affirm we are using technology to re-imagine and re-build core parts of financial infrastructure to enable friendlier and more transparent financial products and services that improve lives.
 We believe the financial industry is fundamentally broken. Not only is the core infrastructure built with technology from the 1970s, but there are a dwindling number of people who say "I trust my bank to look out for me". It doesn’t have to be this way, and it’s our mission to fix this problem. 
 We are based in San Francisco; founded by Max Levchin (founding CTO PayPal), Jeff Kaditz (CDO DeNA/ngmoco), and Nathan Gettings (founding CTO of Palantir); and building a team of exceptionally talented people to join us on our mission.
 Apply for this job
 Affirm Home Page
 Jobs powered by 
