Capital Markets Associate
 San Francisco, CA
 Finance
 Full-Time
 Apply for this job
 We’re looking for a smart, driven individual to join our Capital Markets team as an Associate. Affirm Capital Markets is responsible for developing and implementing an ongoing strategy for funding our loans - a complex role essential to the functioning of a modern bank. The ideal candidate will understand how a lending business works and have a base knowledge of various debt funding strategies. Additionally, an ideal candidate will have strong interpersonal skills and the desire to work with both internal and external stakeholders.
 What You'll Do
 Work on a small (but growing!) team as an integral part of capital markets strategy decision-making
 Lead diligence processes to help financing counterparties understand Affirm’s assets and business in order to receive, evaluate, and provide feedback on term sheet proposals
 Build detailed asset analyses from robust data sets (Python, R or SQL) to compile diligence materials for potential and existing investors
 Build financial models to analyze and interpret the impact of various debt funding strategies while working in the context of the broader corporate model
 Collaborate with internal and external counsel to structure and negotiate definitive documentation with financing counterparties
 Partner cross-functionally with our Engineering, Product, Sales and Marketing, Servicing, and Risk teams to drive strategy and optimize tactics as it relates to capital markets
 Help build relationships with existing and potential investors through introductory meetings (phone/conferences), due diligence sessions, and data requests 
 Keep up with the consumer lending industry through research reports and issuer pricing releases  
 What We Look For
 1-4 years of relevant industry experience with financial modeling (e.g. investment banking, private equity, hedge funds) or legal negotiation/documentation ("recovering" lawyers) 
 Asset-backed financing, FIG / Fintech coverage and/or credit experience is a plus
 BA/BS degree in a quantitative discipline or equivalent work experience
 Basic understanding of a lending P&L and various capital structures
 Knowledge of SQL, Python, R or another statistical programming language is a plus
 Ability to think creatively and critically and thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic, and often ambiguous work environment
 Intelligence + Humility. Hubris is the fastest way to blow up a bank!
 ABOUT AFFIRM
 At Affirm we are using technology to re-imagine and re-build core parts of financial infrastructure to enable friendlier and more transparent financial products and services that improve lives.
 We believe the financial industry is fundamentally broken. Not only is the core infrastructure built with technology from the 1970s, but there are a dwindling number of people who say "I trust my bank to look out for me". It doesn’t have to be this way, and it’s our mission to fix this problem.
 We are based in San Francisco; founded by Max Levchin (founding CTO of PayPal), Jeff Kaditz (CDO DeNA/ngmoco), and Nathan Gettings (founding CTO of Palantir); and building a team of exceptionally talented people to join us on our mission.
 Apply for this job
 Affirm Home Page
 Jobs powered by 
