Strategic Partnerships Director
 San Francisco, CA
 Development
 Full-time
 Apply for this job
 Affirm's mission is to deliver honest financial products to improve lives.  We do this by (i) using modern technology to re-imagine and re-build core components of financial infrastructure from the ground up and (ii) forming strong partnerships with existing financial services firms, banks, payment networks and data partners. The Strategic Partnerships Director is responsible for leading these partnerships, nurturing our existing relationships and structuring new partnerships to help us build our products and achieve our mission. The ideal candidate will have extensive experience negotiating complex partnerships and working cross-functionally to identify, structure and execute Affirm’s most strategic deals.  We value experience, intelligence, creativity and strategic thinking in addition to all of the traits necessary to represent Affirm in the payments and FinTech ecosystem.  
 What You'll Do
 Lead all deals and partnerships necessary to build and operate our core business.
 Manage and further develop our relationships with leaders and innovators in FinTech, payments, banking and data.
 Support the Product and Engineering teams as they develop their roadmaps.
 Work with our Finance and Capital Markets teams to forecast and improve our key metrics through better partnerships.
 Work with Affirm’s Legal Team on contract management and risk mitigation.
 Represent Affirm at conferences in FinTech, payments and banking innovation.
 What We Look For
 8-12 years experience in Strategic Partnerships, Business Development, Product or related fields.
 Experience with multi-faceted partnerships, contracts and complex negotiations.
 Organizational, cross-functional communication and project management skills.
 Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to read a situation, listen, frame a conversation and pitch when necessary.
 Experience working inside of a growth-stage technology company.
 Payments and fintech experience strongly preferred.
 JD/MBA and/or significant legal background is also preferred. 
 ABOUT AFFIRM
 At Affirm we are using technology to re-imagine and re-build core parts of financial infrastructure to enable friendlier and more transparent financial products and services that improve lives.
 We believe the financial industry is fundamentally broken. Not only is the core infrastructure built with technology from the 1970s, but there are a dwindling number of people who say "I trust my bank to look out for me". It doesn’t have to be this way, and it’s our mission to fix this problem.
 We are based in San Francisco; founded by Max Levchin (founding CTO of PayPal), Jeff Kaditz (CDO DeNA/ngmoco), and Nathan Gettings (founding CTO of Palantir); and building a team of exceptionally talented people to join us on our mission.
 Apply for this job
 Affirm Home Page
 Jobs powered by 
