Brand Designer
 San Francisco, CA
 Design
 Full-Time
 Apply for this job
 Affirm is redefining an industry by placing your financial success first. We’re committed to helping you make smarter decisions about your finances with clear and transparent financial products and services.   
 As a Senior Brand Designer, you will be the steward of Affirm’s visual identity in all public communication. You will be working closely with the CMO, marketing, and copy teams to craft and best support the consumer-facing and merchant-facing narratives of Affirm’s mission. 
 What You'll Do
 Define, maintain, and evolve Affirm’s visual identity in all public communication 
 Shape the visual identity of Affirm across multiple mediums with illustration, photography, icon design, presentations, application design, web design, cinematography, and print design
 Work closely with marketing to design product landing pages, assets for online and offline marketing (including emails, display banners, social media, print, conferences and tradeshows, out of home), business collateral, video assets, illustrations, and photography assets for content marketing
 Work with designers, copywriters, engineers, marketers, and others at Affirm to execute first-class work
 Work closely with outside creative agencies to evolve our brand
 Solve end-to-end visual problems with a creative eye
 What We Look For
 6+ years of digital and print design experience
 Experience building big, bold, and iconic brands with a strong emphasis on design
 Ability to recruit and manage a growing brand and communications design team
 Strong portfolio showing a range of projects you’ve designed including branding and identity design systems, responsive websites, and marketing collateral
 Solid understanding of website design as well as composition, color, imagery, and photography
 Expert knowledge of relevant design software (Photoshop, Sketch, Illustrator, InDesign, Keynote)
 Attention to detail – meticulous when it comes to typography, grids, balance, and white space
 Can communicate design decisions clearly and effectively
 Ability to design quickly and share progress openly and frequently
 Strong opinions, loosely held. Willing to fight for an idea, but willing to compromise too.
 Comfortable art directing photographers, videographers, illustrators, and other designers
 About Affirm
 At Affirm we are using technology to re-imagine and re-build core parts of financial infrastructure to enable friendlier and more transparent financial products and services that improve lives.
 We believe the financial industry is fundamentally broken. Not only is the core infrastructure built with technology from the 1970s, but there are a dwindling number of people who say "I trust my bank to look out for me". It doesn’t have to be this way, and it’s our mission to fix this problem.
 We are based in San Francisco; founded by Max Levchin (founding CTO of PayPal), Jeff Kaditz (CDO DeNA/ngmoco), and Nathan Gettings (founding CTO of Palantir); and building a team of exceptionally talented people to join us on our mission.
 Apply for this job
 Affirm Home Page
 Jobs powered by 
