Technical Lead Engineer - Full Stack (New Products)
 San Francisco, CA
 Engineering
 Full-Time
 Apply for this job
 We’re looking for an engineer to lead the full stack (web frontend and backend) development on projects to improve and grow the Affirm Anywhere app.
 The team you’ll join is responsible for new product initiatives at Affirm that go beyond our core business in the value they provide to our customers. Part of this mandate is to invest in the Affirm Anywhere offering which provides powerful search and discovery tools that let customers find relevant themes, categories, merchants and discounts where they can save money and use Affirm financing. The team’s work is a critical part of Affirm’s mission to become a trusted financial partner for our customers, and to help them live their best and most fulfilling financial lives. You can think of the team as R&D or a “startup within a startup” working on the next generation of Affirm products.
 What You'll Do
 Lead technical projects from specification and planning, through execution & coding with multiple engineers, to testing and deployment into production
 Design and implement new product features, as well as extend core platform services and APIs to support those features
 Architect and build the web frontend for our Affirm Anywhere offering
 Analyze/debug performance issues on the frontend and across distributed services
 Plan, design, and build our core platform software and systems to scale with an increasing number of users, features, business requirements, partners, and new engineers
 Provide mentoring to more junior engineers in their progress on business and personal career goals
 What We Look For 
 Passion and drive to change consumer finance for the better
 Experience building real-time distributed web services in the Consumer or SaaS space
 Ability to pick up new technologies quickly
 Strong software engineering fundamentals are far more important than familiarity with specific tools or languages
 Emphasis on writing clear, readable, testable code
 Nice to have
 Experience working on growth hacking projects
 Interest in or experience with recommendation systems
 Python expertise
 ABOUT AFFIRM
 At Affirm we are using technology to re-imagine and re-build core parts of financial infrastructure to enable friendlier and more transparent financial products and services that improve lives.
 We believe the financial industry is fundamentally broken. Not only is the core infrastructure built with technology from the 1970s, but there are a dwindling number of people who say "I trust my bank to look out for me". It doesn’t have to be this way, and it’s our mission to fix this problem. 
 We are based in San Francisco; founded by Max Levchin (founding CTO PayPal), Jeff Kaditz (CDO DeNA/ngmoco), and Nathan Gettings (founding CTO of Palantir); and building a team of exceptionally talented people to join us on our mission.
 Apply for this job
 Affirm Home Page
 Jobs powered by 
