Head of Capital Markets
 New York City, NY
 Finance
 Full-Time
 Apply for this job
 We’re looking for a smart, driven individual to join us as our Head of Capital Markets in either 
 New York or San Francisco
 . Affirm Capital Markets is responsible for developing and implementing an ongoing strategy for funding our loans - a complex role essential to the functioning of a modern bank. 
 The ideal candidate will have a wide understanding of capital markets and various debt funding strategies with specific related experience. Additionally, an ideal candidate will have strong interpersonal skills and the desire to work with both internal and external stakeholders.
 WHAT YOU'LL DO
 Lead and manage a growing team directing Affirm's capital markets strategy and running financing transactions
 Analyze and interpret the impact of various funding strategies while working in the context of broader corporate goals
 Build existing and potential investor relationships
 Supervise and provide input on structuring, legal negotiation, and documentation with funding counterparties alongside counsel and capital markets deal leads
 Partner cross-functionally with our Product, Engineering, Finance, and Credit teams to drive strategy and optimize tactics as it relates to capital markets
 Represent Affirm Capital Markets internally (including to the Executive Team)
 WHAT WE LOOK FOR
 12-15+ years of relevant industry experience across investment banks, hedge funds, asset managers, or law firms focused on warehouses, loan sales, securitizations, and/or other financing strategies. Alternatively (or additionally), experience at a consumer or marketplace lending company in a capital markets, debt funding, or related role
 Wide understanding of capital markets, funding strategies, securitization, and other ways to raise debt capital
 Experience building and managing a team
 BA/BS degree in a quantitative discipline or equivalent work experience
 Knowledge of SQL, Python, and/or R is a plus
 Ability to think creatively and critically and thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic, and often ambiguous work environment
 Intelligence + Humility. Hubris is the fastest way to blow up a bank!
 About Affirm
 At Affirm we are using technology to re-imagine and re-build core parts of financial infrastructure to enable friendlier and more transparent financial products and services that improve lives.We believe the financial industry is fundamentally broken. Not only is the core infrastructure built with technology from the 1970s, but there are a dwindling number of people who say "I trust my bank to look out for me". It doesn’t have to be this way, and it’s our mission to fix this problem.
 We are based in San Francisco; founded by Max Levchin (founding CTO of PayPal), Jeff Kaditz (CDO DeNA/ngmoco), and Nathan Gettings (founding CTO of Palantir); and building a team of exceptionally talented people to join us on our mission.
 Apply for this job
 Affirm Home Page
 Jobs powered by 
