Product Designer
 San Francisco, CA
 Design
 Full-Time
 Apply for this job
 People’s relationship with their money is deeply personal and complex. Everyday they make decisions based on their means, whether it’s to make a purchase or invest in their future. We use design to rethink what personal finance can do for these individuals. We build experiences that give them freedom, security, knowledge, and a better quality of life.
 Design serves a vital role at Affirm: from building narratives through data to creating products that help people make important financial decisions. As designers you are responsible for crafting experiences that solve problems people struggle with everyday. We hold design to a higher standard than most. It’s more than a tactic to build great products. It’s a helping hand, a new opportunity, a vision for the future. For us, design reshapes that relationship people have with their money and allows us to engage with them on an emotional level.
 What You'll Do
 Work cross-functionally with Product, Analytics, and Engineering partners to represent the design team, facilitate design discussions, and give feedback in planning and product channels.
 Collaborate closely with Product Management and Sr. Product Designers to design features in accordance with your team's roadmap.
 Effectively manage your time and process to meet team deadlines.
 Rapidly ideate and validate designs through sketches, prototypes, and testing.
 Determine the information architecture and flows for your product features.
 Create high-fidelity visuals and specifications for your final solutions.
 Work closely with Engineering to ensure high-quality implementation and user experience.
 Work closely with User Research to help synthesize and communicate research findings to inform business decisions and build even greater understanding of and empathy for our customers.
 Solicit feedback early and often from your peers, including other product designers and teammates in your product team. Participate in weekly design critiques with larger Product Design team.
 Help maintain our design system with other product designers, and advocate for scalable design solutions.
 What We Look For
 B.A/B.S. in Graphic Design, Human-Computer Interaction, Computer Science, or a related field/equivalent experience.
 4+ years experience in an individual contributor role, on a Product Design team.
 An outstanding portfolio, showcasing a depth of knowledge in user experience, interaction, and visual/user interface design.
 Experience in working and collaborating with diverse teams in a dynamic, rapid growth environment.
 Experience in shipping high quality product experiences.
 Experience partnering with Product Managers and Sr. Product Designers to execute on design deliverables.
 Experience with prototyping as a means to explore and convey design solutions.
 Experience in validating design decisions through user/usability research.
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
 ABOUT AFFIRM
 At Affirm we are using technology to re-imagine and re-build core parts of financial infrastructure to enable friendlier and more transparent financial products and services that improve lives.
 We believe the financial industry is fundamentally broken. Not only is the core infrastructure built with technology from the 1970s, but there are a dwindling number of people who say "I trust my bank to look out for me". It doesn’t have to be this way, and it’s our mission to fix this problem.
 We are based in San Francisco; founded by Max Levchin (founding CTO of PayPal), Jeff Kaditz (CDO DeNA/ngmoco), and Nathan Gettings (founding CTO of Palantir); and building a team of exceptionally talented people to join us on our mission.
 Apply for this job
 Affirm Home Page
 Jobs powered by 
