Director of Product Marketing
 San Francisco, CA
 Product
 Full-time
 Apply for this job
 We are looking for a Product Marketing leader to define, lead, and grow a world-class PMM team at Affirm. As part of the Product team, you'll be responsible for setting the priorities for product marketing at Affirm, and leading those efforts both tactically and strategically for our market defining and leading products. 
 Because we're just at the start of Affirm's story, you'll be working closely with Product Management, Design, Engineering, Analytics, Sales, Client Success, Brand, Marketing, and other cross-functional teams to build this company from the ground up. We'll look to you to communicate the voice of our customers in whatever we do, and to tell them the story of our products through your work.
 What You'll Do
 Lead, grow, and manage a world-class product marketing organization.
 Partner with Product Management, GTM, and Technology teams to understand our merchant customers, define what we build, and take features to market.
 Identify and clarify what our customers qualitatively want and need.
 Position our product and features effectively to segments of customers, distinguishing between today and where we're going.
 Launch and roll out products and features with the proper positioning and messaging with our GTM teams.
 What We Look For
 BS/BA or related work experience required
 8+ years’ experience in product marketing, preferably advertising technology, ecommerce, or fintech
 Proven success in driving product launches including messaging, positioning and sales enablement.
 Previous background in B2B or B2C marketing, preferably with exposure to both small and large businesses 
 Prior experience with marketing to Retailers or Marketers is a plus.
 Strong quantitative analytical ability and excellent written and oral communication skills 
 Comfort in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial, start-up environment 
 Genuine interest in the intersection of Retail and Fintech
 ABOUT AFFIRM
 At Affirm we are using technology to re-imagine and re-build core parts of financial infrastructure to enable friendlier and more transparent financial products and services that improve lives.
 We believe the financial industry is fundamentally broken. Not only is the core infrastructure built with technology from the 1970s, but there are a dwindling number of people who say "I trust my bank to look out for me". It doesn’t have to be this way, and it’s our mission to fix this problem.
 We are based in San Francisco; founded by Max Levchin (founding CTO of PayPal), Jeff Kaditz (CDO DeNA/ngmoco), and Nathan Gettings (founding CTO of Palantir); and building a team of exceptionally talented people to join us on our mission.
 Apply for this job
 Affirm Home Page
 Jobs powered by 
