Production Designer
 San Francisco, CA
 Design
 Full-time
 Apply for this job
 Affirm is seeking a production designer to execute the end-to-end design and production of marketing campaigns, presentations, and sales collateral. The production designer will be responsible for ensuring all partner and customer facing marketing collateral is aligned with Affirm’s design principles and maintains a high level of quality. This individual will have an eye for detail and enjoy the technical aspect of design. They will work closely with our marketing, design, and copy teams to prioritize work and meet deadlines.
 What You'll Do
 Mastery of visual and communication design principles.
 Integrates business ideas and requirements into design.
 Prioritize, plan, and execute projects in a timely manner.
 Manage process and details to drive scale and results.
 Ability to organize and articulate ideas into easily consumable presentations.
 Facilitate trust and relationships at all levels of the organization.
 Work with marketing, design, and copy teams.
 Work with CEO and other executives on external presentations.
 Design and produce visually captivating work for Affirm’s clients.
 Conceptualizing key account mock-ups for sales.
 Final production file prep.
 Working with printers and other vendors to ensure production quality and deadlines.
 Design Deliverables
 Company and executive presentations.
 Partner co-marketing mock-ups.
 Internal and external training materials.
 Conference booths and collateral designs.
 In-store POP displays.
 Financial reports.
 Assets for PR and publications.
 Marketing toolkits and templates (B2B and B2C): Banner Ads, Case Studies, Social Media, Microsites, Emails, Ebooks and Infographics.
 What We Look For
 Bachelor’s degree in graphic design/related field or equivalent experience.
 Have 0 to 1 years of prior experience.
 Proficiency in Adobe Creative Cloud (Illustrator, Photoshop, Indesign) and Sketch.
 Proficiency in Keynote and PowerPoint.
 Detail-oriented with the ability to work under pressure and multi-task.
 Results driven without compromising quality.
 Works well in a fast paced, team environment.
 Understanding of web design principles.
 Must have an online portfolio or PDF to apply.
 ABOUT AFFIRM
 At Affirm we are using technology to re-imagine and re-build core parts of financial infrastructure to enable friendlier and more transparent financial products and services that improve lives.
 We believe the financial industry is fundamentally broken. Not only is the core infrastructure built with technology from the 1970s, but there are a dwindling number of people who say "I trust my bank to look out for me". It doesn’t have to be this way, and it’s our mission to fix this problem.
 We are based in San Francisco; founded by Max Levchin (founding CTO of PayPal), Jeff Kaditz (CDO DeNA/ngmoco), and Nathan Gettings (founding CTO of Palantir); and building a team of exceptionally talented people to join us on our mission.
 Apply for this job
 Affirm Home Page
 Jobs powered by 
