Software Engineer - Internship Summer 2018
 San Francisco, CA
 Engineering
 Internship
 Apply for this job
 As an intern at Affirm, you will be treated as a contributing member of our top-notch engineering team, and as such you will work on meaningful projects and push code. Recent grads and interns in the past have built a real-time high-throughput data processing pipeline that ties our infrastructure together, built out our proprietary financial platform that is central to our long term company mission, and built out our extensive automated testing framework.
 We are excited to meet and consider strong students for (full-time) internships at any time of the year; however, our main program operates in the Summer months. We are a fast-moving team that is happy to tailor projects to your interests and push your abilities.
 What You'll Do
 You’ll be assigned to a mentor and work on engineering projects according to your interests and experience. Options include working with the Backend/Platform team, the Infrastructure/Testing team, or the UX team
 What We Look For
 Passion and drive to change consumer banking for the better
 Experience with Python, C/C++ or Java
 Continuous deployment and  automated testing frameworks
 Frontend Experience with WebApp/JavaScript/AngularJS/ReactDeveloper 
 API development/documentationAWS or other PaS frameworks
 Strong understanding of operating system internals
 Strong Communication skills
 ABOUT AFFIRM
 At Affirm we are using technology to re-imagine and re-build core parts of financial infrastructure to enable friendlier and more transparent financial products and services that improve lives.
 We believe the financial industry is fundamentally broken. Not only is the core infrastructure built with technology from the 1970s, but there are a dwindling number of people who say "I trust my bank to look out for me". It doesn’t have to be this way, and it’s our mission to fix this problem.
 We are based in San Francisco; founded by Max Levchin (founding CTO of PayPal), Jeff Kaditz (CDO DeNA/ngmoco), and Nathan Gettings (founding CTO of Palantir); and building a team of exceptionally talented people to join us on our mission.
 Apply for this job
 Affirm Home Page
 Jobs powered by 
