Square Customer Support Representative

customer support representative
st. louis, mo
we started with a simple idea—that everyone should be able to accept credit cards—and we've been rethinking buying and selling ever since.
for sellers, we're creating one cohesive service to run your entire business, from a register in your pocket to analytics on your laptop. for buyers, we're making it faster to order from the businesses you love and more fun to pay your friends back.
buying and selling sound like simple things—and they should be. somewhere along the way, they got complicated. we're working hard to make commerce easy for everyone.
squares know that great customer support is provided by both people and products. we are seeking a highly motivated and resourceful individual who is dedicated to providing world-class support by exceeding expectations through each interaction with square merchants and customers. they will use their proximity to customers to identify issues that will continually improve the customer experience. the ideal candidate is a fiercely loyal advocate for our customers, a creative problem-solver, and a collaborative team member. this person is energized by working with people, while still being a strong independent worker.
effectively solve customer inquiries via phone, email, and twitter using a crm tool
hold a high bar for support when owning customer interactions
identify, document and follow up with engineers on product bugs and features
advocate for customers by identifying trends in issues and suggesting improvements to processes, policies and products
recognize errors and draft improvements to content in the external support center and internal documentation
collaborate with members of other teams to root out answers and be a resource to teammates
a degree from a 4 year university
genuine curiosity about people and business, while possessing the ability to inspire passion in others
experience in direct customer or client-facing roles
interest in implementing feedback and dedicated to the improvement of your skills and work
strong organizational, analytical, written and verbal communication skills
superb attention to detail
the ability to quickly adapt to new situations and think on your feet
excellent time-management skills
a desire to help people and improve the customer experience
a passion for square and customers engaging with square products
willingness to work flexible hours as part of a rotating schedule, which includes a mix of weekends, mornings, evenings, overnight, and holidays as needed. day shifts entail working 5 days per week and begin between 6:00am cst - 12:15pm cst.
*cover letter required. please indicate your career goals and how support fits into your career road map.
