Square Voice Systems Engineer

voice systems engineer
we believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. so we're building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  we started with a little white credit card reader but haven't stopped there. our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and nfc payments, and our cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   we're empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  let's shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. we're here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
the voice systems engineer will develop code for our next generation acd as well as maintain and facilitate how square customers and merchants communicate with internal product and support teams. the ideal candidate is passionate about delivering high quality experiences for customer interactions through intelligent call routing, speech recognition, and integrations with our internal and saas platforms. this role reports to the manager of it operations and partners closely with customer support and sales teams.

support and maintain robust global solution (contact center, voice, sms, 3rd party integrations) that will facilitate communication between square's current and future merchants with internal product teams
develop code to build and maintain call center flows for internal product teams which integrate with sfdc, wfm, crm and more
design for a global contact center with internal agents and external partners where automation, resiliency, and uptime are paramount
drive a standards based design methodology across the infrastructure delivering solid, robust & resilient documented designs following best practices and ensuring disaster recovery
create and deliver technical designs, evaluate new products, features & technologies to increase service levels
vendor management - maintain relationships with major product manufacturers & service providers. drive vendor product roadmaps.
automation - drive simple & scalable approach to new technology solutions using automation  to easily deploy & operate new features, capabilities & functionality
have interest in emergent voice technology such as speech recognition, human intent analysis, the future of ivr
on-call rotation will be necessary
experience with serenova, freeswitch, amazon connect, aws, genesys, five9 or other hosted platform
expertise in least one object oriented language
experience with delivery of global voice network solutions for contact center with internal and external endpoints; hosted solutions preferred over on premise solutions
knowledge and management of sip, pstn & webrtc protocols

complete understanding of globalized +e.164 dial plans
experience supporting a multi-lingual global contact center environment
experience with corporate network route/switch, background working with firewalls
strong project management, teamwork, collaboration and communication skills
