Square Senior Software Engineer, Point Of Sale

senior software engineer, point of sale
we believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. so we're building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  we started with a little white credit card reader but haven't stopped there. our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and nfc payments, and our cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   we're empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  let's shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. we're here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
our team is responsible for square's point of sale app, the main entry point through which our merchants interact with us. we help service and develop features that affect how millions of merchants run their businesses, with an eye towards a great user experience and simple design.
as a senior software engineer, you'll hit the ground running to help us:
contribute to/lead engineering design and implementation for full-stack features and systems
mentor other developers on the team
monitor and improve system performance to ensure our systems can scale as our business grows
improve and develop the team's technical best practices
work with teams across square to provide the most cohesive user experience in the industry
teams within point of sale include:
employee management products
onboard experience
point of sale - server
a strong desire to perform and grow as an engineer
a bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent industry experience
interest in working full-stack, from optimizing database transactions to building distributed systems and front end web applications
passion for building products that are beautiful outside and inside – from their user experience to their robust and elegant design
data and metrics-oriented mindset: you want your work to be measurable and impactful
customer empathy! you understand your customers' needs and requirements
technologies we use and teach:
ember.js, coffeescript, sass
java, ruby, go, javascript
guice, protocol buffers, grpc, hibernate, jooq, ruby on rails
mysql, redis, zookeeper
