Square Customer Insights Researcher

customer insights researcher
we believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. so we're building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  we started with a little white credit card reader but haven't stopped there. our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and nfc payments, and our cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   we're empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  let's shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. we're here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
we are looking for a talented, passionate, and self-motivated researcher to join our team at square. in this position, you will connect square with the sellers and buyers we serve—learning from their context and needs. this ensures our products and services are useful, innovative, and delightful.
a successful candidate will have empathy and interest in people, with rigor and experience in a variety of quantitative and qualitative research methods.
spend 60-70% of your time on quantitative and 30-40% of your time on qualitative research projects
design and execute in-house surveys, including nps, csat, and price sensitivity
manage external partners on larger quantitative-driven projects
design and execute qualitative research projects to support marketing, product, and cross-functional teams on a wide variety of domains, including customer needs, product development, and customer communications
effectively turn insights into actionable recommendations
advocate the customer perspective across square
report to square's insights team lead
minimum bachelor's degree
minimum of 6-8 years of experience leading research projects in a professional environment, preferably in a technology company or research consulting firm
experience managing and collaborating with external research vendors
relevant experience in conducting a variety of research impacting all aspects of business and product development —from upstream to downstream research
a track record of successfully leading or co-leading both deep dive and ad hoc research
the ability to multi-task in a fast-paced work environment
a positive attitude when collaborating with others and ability to stand up for your work
communication and presentation skills:
translating research data and findings into actionable insights
strong storytelling, data visualization, and presentation skills
research skills:
expertise in analytical tools like sql, excel, qualtrics, decipher and/or other data manipulation tools
demonstrated ability in designing and leading qualitative fieldwork
familiarity with qualitative digital research tools
value process and rigor but thrive on creative problem solving and hybrid research approaches
