Square Account Executive

account executive
we believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. so we're building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  we started with a little white credit card reader but haven't stopped there. our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and nfc payments, and our cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   we're empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  let's shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. and make it easier for customers to shop and pay at their favorite businesses. we're here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
our fast-paced business team has an infectiously positive attitude and commitment to win. we are looking for account executives for our smb sales team. your entrepreneurial spirit and passion for problem-solving help you find opportunities for square to help merchants grow. your extraordinary communication skills help you connect with customers by email and phone - quickly establishing trust and rapport.
achieve and consistently exceed monthly sales goals
lead in developing and circulating the set of best practices which are the foundation of this growing team
listen to the needs of the market and share with product and marketing teams
implement creative ways to improve our customer relationships, tailor and share performance-enhancing suggestions
act as an outward-facing ambassador of square's beliefs, brand, and products
communicate constantly with prospects via phone & email (80% of time)
consistent overachievement of quota
1 to 3 years of experience in sales, account management, or similar client-facing role
previous experience and/or strong interest in outbound sales and prospecting
a ba/bs degree
excellent written and verbal communication skills
shown ability to multi-task and run multiple projects while paying strict attention to detail
demonstrated high performance in a leadership role
good listening skills
an assertive, resilient and persuasive personality
an analytical, structured thought process with the ability to assess business opportunities and read prospective buyers
the ability to garner support from internal experts and external partners to position square against competition
genuine curiosity about people and business, and possess the innate ability to inspire passion in others
coachability, interest in implementing feedback, and dedication to the consistent improvement of your craft
the ability to adapt to new situations quickly and think on your feet
hustle and determination
