Square Product Marketing Lead, Pos

product marketing lead, pos
we started with a simple idea - that everyone should be able to accept credit cards - and we've been rethinking buying and selling ever since. for sellers, we're creating one cohesive service to run your entire business, from a register in your pocket to analytics on your laptop. for buyers, we're making it faster to order from the businesses you love and more fun to pay your friends back. buying and selling sound like simple things - and they should be. somewhere along the way, they got complicated. we're working hard to make commerce easy for everyone.
as square diversifies its product portfolio and customer base, the need for effective segmentation, focused messaging and coordinated cross-channel marketing is critical to the company's sustained growth. a product marketing lead ensures that the right customers are getting the right message, through the right channels and represents the customer's voice in product strategy discussions and decisions. the ultimate goal is to make sure we are building the right products and to drive growth and usage of the various products within the overall portfolio.
we are looking for a creative, results-oriented, data-driven leader to join square as a product marketing lead working on square's point of sale products. the ideal candidate will have a solid understanding of product strategy, branding and marketing and have a track record of cross-functional leadership. they should also posses exceptional analytical and communication skills.
identify target customers, their needs, and how products will meet those needs
understand customer needs through surveys, interviews, and product usage; be a conduit for the voice of the customer to the product team and company
partner and collaborate with product management to define the product feature roadmap, while incorporating feedback from a broad range of cross-functional teams
develop key marketing messaging that will resonate with the target market
drive the go-to-market plan, ensuring that all customer-facing teams are on-message and maximizing each channel
drive post-launch marketing programs for sustained product growth
review competitive offerings and drive ongoing differentiation
offer creative problem solving and analytical reasoning
a ba/bs degree or equivalent practical experience
12+ years professional experience
5+ years working in a product marketing or growth capacity (partnered closely with product management and/or engineering to represent market requirements and with sales to support product launches)
must have prior experience delivering growth in consumer tech or smb tech industry
strong quantitative analytical ability and excellent written and oral communication skills
comfort in a face-paced, entrepreneurial, start-up environment
