Square Data Scientist

data scientist
we believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. so we're building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all. we started with a little white credit card reader but haven't stopped there. our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and nfc payments, and our cash app lets people pay each other back instantly. we're empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, and helping the ice cream shop pay its employees. and, with square capital, we have extended over $1 billion in funding to our sellers, helping them manage their cashflow and making it easy to invest in and grow their business. let's shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. and make it easier for customers to shop and pay at their favorite businesses. we're here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
as a data scientist at square, you will lead projects that derive value from our unique, rich, and rapidly growing data. we're a passionate team of hackers, statisticians, and optimizers who are resourceful in distilling questions, wrangling data, and driving decisions.
as a data scientist at square, you will work with one of our teams:
cash:
you will lead the development of fraud detection algorithms and systems that protect square cash and its customers from fraud and financial loss. you will partner with square cash's product and operations teams to identify, prioritize, and answer the most important questions where analytics and modeling will have a material impact in preventing fraud and financial loss.
risk:
you will lead the development of fraud detection algorithms and systems that protect square and its customers from fraud and financial loss. you will partner with square's risk team to identify, prioritize, and solve complex problems where analytics and data science will have a significant impact.
drive cross functional analytics projects from beginning to end: build relationships with partner teams, frame and structure questions, collect and analyze data, as well as summarize and present key insights in support of decision making
work with engineers to evangelize data best practices and implement analytics solutions
collaborate with business leaders, subject matter experts, and decision makers to develop success criteria and optimize new products, features, policies, and models
use your experience in analytics tools and scientific rigor to produce actionable insights
communicate key results to senior management in verbal, visual, and written media
develop risk models that enable financial services for our customers
help build the next generation of data products at square
an advanced degree (m.s., phd.), preferably in statistics, computer science, physical sciences, economics, or a related technical field
a consistent track record of performing data analysis using python (numpy, pandas, scikit-learn, etc.) and sql
experience using statistics and machine learning to solve complex business problems
the versatility and willingness to learn new technologies on the job
the ability to clearly communicate complex results to technical and non-technical audiences
even better:
2+ years industry experience in data-science or analytics
familiarity with other data tools such as hive, vertica, tableau, ruby
familiarity with linux/os x command line, version control software (git), and general software development
technologies we use and teach:
python (numpy, pandas, sklearn) & r
mysql, vertica, hive, redshift
machine learning (e.g. regression, ensemble methods, etc.)
statistics (bayesian methods, experimental design, causal inference)
tableau
