Square Recruiting Coordinator (Contract)

recruiting coordinator (contract)
we believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. so we're building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  we started with a little white credit card reader but haven't stopped there. our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and nfc payments, and our cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   we're empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  let's shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. we're here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
we are looking for an organized recruiting coordinator to support our team of recruiters. in this role you will serve as a square ambassador and ensure that every candidate has the best possible experience.
manage scheduling for interviews and communicate all interview logistics with candidates and interview teams
use your personality and creativity to ensure each candidate has a unique and enjoyable experience at square
collaborate with other team members to improve and streamline the process
manage special projects and improve upon existing programs
exceptional verbal and written communication skills
ability to organize and manage competing priorities
demonstrated experience in taking client service to a new level
proven to be a strong and friendly team player that loves to brainstorm new ideas and put them into action
desire to build the square team and expand the knowledge of recruiting
you embrace change with a great attitude and feel comfortable with ambiguity.
self-driven. you have superior organizational skills, integrity and great follow through on tasks. you don't get overwhelmed easily... hundreds of candidates each month? no prob!
even better:
previous recruiter coordinator and ats (applicant tracking system) experience.
