Square Culinary Operations Manager

culinary operations manager
we started with a simple idea—that everyone should be able to accept credit and debit cards—and we've been rethinking buying and selling ever since. for sellers, we're creating one cohesive service to run your entire business, from a register in your pocket to analytics on your laptop. for buyers, we're making it faster to order from the businesses you love and more fun to pay your friends back. buying and selling sound like simple things—and they should be. somewhere along the way, they got complicated. we're working hard to make commerce easy for everyone.
square is seeking a passionate, creative, and experienced leader to help manage our global culinary program. as part of the culinary operations team, you will be responsible for managing operations and driving key initiatives with the intent to engage our employees and connect us with our local community of sellers. you will bring a sense of passion and creativity to the work and will seek innovative ways to deliver service and experiences across all of our office locations. additionally, you'll oversee a number of external partners to ensure best in class service and operational execution.
manage day-to-day culinary operations across our global portfolio working closely with the square culinary team and the global culinary lead
manage a fiscally responsible program using strategic programming and creative directives
conduct periodic procurement reviews to optimize program investment
effectively oversee a number of external vendor partners globally
participate in quarterly business reviews with global vendors
work closely with the global operations lead to develop strategic goals and initiatives
10+ years of industry experience with demonstrated knowledge in the corporate dining, restaurant, and/or hospitality industries
experience working in large or high growth organizations (tech sector preferred)
experience managing large and complex budgets
excellent communication skills both written and verbal, strong presentation skills and a demonstrated level of comfort reporting directly to senior management
demonstrated experience effectively managing vendors and external business partners
proven ability to both lead teams and effectively collaborate with internal business partners
thrive in a fast-paced environment with competing priorities
moderate travel required
