Square Communications Designer

communications designer
we believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. so we're building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  we started with a little white credit card reader but haven't stopped there. our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and nfc payments, and our cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   we're empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  let's shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. we're here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
***for consideration, please submit a link to your portfolio***
our communications team is made up of tough, quick-witted, entrepreneurial, and intellectually-curious people. we communicate to the world square's mission to make commerce easy, and how we empower sellers with beautifully simple tools that give them an advantage where they previously and unfairly had none.
square is seeking extraordinary visual designers to join our communications team. you will be responsible for helping to craft and shape the narrative of our company and products, via both internal and external-facing work. we pride ourselves on rethinking established systems and redefining elegance in software. designers at square take projects from napkin sketches to final visual specifications. you will work closely with senior leadership and teams across square, including investor relations, marketing, finance, product, engineering, business, sales, and customer support.
work closely with corporate, product, internal, and international communications, data scientists, and our executive team to tell square's story through visual design
conceptualize and lead creative design projects that highlight square's sellers and purpose of economic empowerment
support square's capital markets communications (quarterly earnings, investor relations, public filings, etc.)
create presentations for senior executives for use with internal and external audiences
work closely with cross-functional teams to ensure that all visuals are "on brand”
at least 4 years of design experience
a
solid portfolio of visual design projects
expertise in developing data visualization, visual storytelling, visual design, and information architecture
ability to turn complex ideas into simple and engaging visuals
experience with presentation design and narrative storytelling
all the skills needed to manage a project from concept to implementation
demonstrated comfort with an iterative design process that includes accepting and acting on feedback and constructive criticism
ability to clearly articulate your design decisions
strong communications, writing, and editing skills
excellent collaboration skills, a strong work ethic, and a sense of humor
even better:
background developing narrative-based illustrations
expertise in keynote, google slides, figma or sketch, illustrator, indesign
experience with motion design and related software
experience creating interactive graphics, using html, css, and d3.js
photography experience
