Square Data Scientist, Commerce Platform

data scientist, commerce platform
atlanta, ga, usa
as a data scientist at square, you will lead projects that derive value from our unique, rich, and rapidly growing data. we're a passionate team of hackers, statisticians, and optimizers who are resourceful in distilling questions, wrangling data, and driving decisions.
as a data scientist in the commerce platform team you will apply your modeling and engineering skills to a variety of challenging, high-impact projects in areas such as authentication and authorization, catalog and inventory management, orders and billing, and analytics and reporting.
drive cross-functional ml projects from beginning to end: build relationships with partner teams, frame and structure questions, develop data pipelines, train and optimize ml models, and deploy solutions in production.
work with engineers to evangelize data best practices and implement ml solutions.
collaborate with business leaders, subject matter experts, and decision makers to identify automation opportunities.
develop success criteria and optimize new and existing products, features, policies, and models.
communicate key results to senior management in verbal, visual, and written media.
help build an amazing suite of ml-driven products at square
an advanced degree (m.s., phd.), preferably in statistics, computer science, physical sciences, economics, or a related technical field
a consistent track record of performing data analysis using python (numpy, pandas, scikit-learn, etc.) and sql
experience using statistics and machine learning to solve complex business problems
the versatility and willingness to learn new technologies on the job
the ability to clearly communicate complex results to technical and non-technical audiences
even better:
2+ years industry experience in data science, machine learning, or analytics
familiarity with other data tools such as hive, vertica, tableau, ruby
familiarity with linux/os x command line, version control software (git), and general software development
technologies we use and teach:
python (numpy, pandas, sklearn) & r
mysql, vertica, hive, redshift
machine learning (e.g. regression, ensemble methods, etc.)
statistics (bayesian methods, experimental design, causal inference)
tableau, looker
