Square Product Designer - Senior Level

product designer - senior level
atlanta, ga
we believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. so we're building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  we started with a little white credit card reader but haven't stopped there. our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and nfc payments, and our cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   we're empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  let's shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. we're here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
from the beginning, it's been part of our core business strategy that product design play a central role in our product development process. at this point in our growth, we're hiring designers into senior roles to lead the creation of brand new product lines, and to design the evolution of some of our keystone products in an effort to create amazing experiences for our customers. we believe in generalists that have a hand in each stage of product design, so designers at square take projects from napkin sketches to final visual specifications. we pride ourselves on rethinking established paradigms and redefining elegance in software.
***for consideration, please submit a link to your portfolio***
a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience
experience turning complex problems into simple and engaging customer experiences for the web, ipad, iphone, and android
expertise in developing information architecture, interaction models, customer flows, schematics, and visual design for products and services
the ability to communicate interactions rapidly at varying levels of resolution
demonstrated comfort with an iterative design process that includes accepting and acting on feedback and constructive criticism
excellent collaboration skills
even better:
experience conducting customer research ranging from insight protocols to usability tests
background developing interaction prototypes
experience with motion design and related software
