Square Leadership Sourcer

leadership sourcer
we started with a simple idea - that everyone should be able to accept credit cards - and we've been rethinking buying and selling ever since. for sellers, we're creating one cohesive service to run your entire business, from a register in your pocket to analytics on your laptop. for buyers, we're making it faster to order from the businesses you love and more fun to pay your friends back. buying and selling sound like simple things - and they should be. somewhere along the way, they got complicated. we're working hard to make commerce easy for everyone.
square is actively seeking to hire our first leadership sourcer to help develop our leadership recruiting function. this person will work closely with the leadership recruiter and business and technology leaders to define, develop, and execute strategies to attract senior candidates to square. square is growing quickly, and this is an opportunity to impact the future of our organization by identifying, attracting, and hiring exceptional executive candidates as we build out this practice in-house.  this is a contract role.
build strategies to engage and hire leadership talent across technical and business roles globally for square
work closely with leadership recruiter, hiring managers and our executive team to clearly comprehend requirements of the role, the scope, and the key candidate qualities
proactively build talent pipelines through referral generation, online sourcing, events, and sourcing campaigns including engaging with candidates for future, sometimes undefined, roles
partner with our inclusion and diversity team to build a strategy around engagement of diverse candidates including attending organizational and networking events
consistently maintain and track pipeline activity, reporting metrics, and overall market knowledge
develop a unique, tailored candidate experience in partnership with coordinator and leadership recruiter
3+ years sourcing or recruiting experience with an agency or in-house recruiting team; executive search experience preferred
proven ability to assist in hiring leadership and executive-level candidates
experience utilizing an applicant tracking system to maintain candidate pipeline
ability to build and maintain long-term pipeline
experience utilizing data to advise recruiters and hiring managers on activity and strategy in order to fill assigned roles
strong communication, interpersonal skills and a desire to learn
