Square Senior Software Engineer, Developer Identity And Access Management

senior software engineer, developer identity and access management
we believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. so we're building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all. we started with a little white credit card reader but haven't stopped there. our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and nfc payments, and our cash app lets people pay each other back instantly. we're empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location. let's shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. and make it easier for customers to shop and pay at their favorite businesses. we're here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
the developer platform team is responsible for apis that external developers use to build apps on square's platform and enabling all internal teams to have public apis. we provide third party developers with the tools to create solutions for both existing square merchants and entirely new customers. our engineering team has one simple but lofty goal: convert square from a product company into a platform company.
provide technical leadership to guide square's transition to an api-first company
work with the broader developers team to design our next generation of policy-based authorization for platform apis
socialize iam concepts and present best practices to engineering teams
author apis that expose additional layers of our iam primitives to third party developers
work with program managers, technical writers, and third party developers to refine our api authentication and authorization flows
8+ years designing platform apis for internal and external developers
experience applying identity and access management primitives to platform apis
familiarity with oauth2 flows
a bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent
comfortable working in or learning ruby, java, and go
i'm interested
i'm interested
refer a friend
share this job
powered by
