Square Office Manager

office manager
melbourne vic 3004, australia
we believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. so we're building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  we started with a little white credit card reader but haven't stopped there. our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and nfc payments, and our cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   we're empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  let's shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. we're here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
square is seeking an experienced and skilled individual to support our melbourne office.  as the office manager you will act as the primary person responsible for ensuring that the office environment runs smoothly and proficiently while simultaneously ensuring that the office's culture runs in parallel to our company culture. you're collaborative and work well with others, supporting anyone when needed. you are a natural leader who also thrives when working independently.  you are organized and methodical in your approach to work, yet you bring a creative touch to what you do.  you are passionate about square's mission in the world and strive to tell that story, both in and outside of your work environment.
lead day to day office operations including employee experience, guest and candidate experience, and a variety of logistics
provide administrative support for local team
act as cross-functional support for local teams
manage and cultivate multiple facilities and vendor relationships
lead local office team to drive exceptional employee and guest experiences
act as primary conduit of information between your office and the sf office
collaborate with and provide local support for a variety of home office functions (hr, recruiting, finance, legal, security, etc.)
organize + lead both team and company events
5+ years of office or project manager experience
experience supporting facilities/ construction projects preferred
excellent communication skills both written and verbal, strong presentation skills
demonstrated administrative experience supporting a team in a fast-paced environment
demonstrated ability to lead direct reports and others, with proven ability to influence at all levels
ability to work on a team and independently
extremely reliable and an impeccable attention to detail
experience developing and managing budgets, with strong financial, contract management, and purchasing skills
familiar with basic hr and finance functions
computer skills: proficient with apple and google products
