Square Product Marketing Manager

product marketing manager
we started with a simple idea - that everyone should be able to accept credit cards - and we've been rethinking buying and selling ever since. for sellers, we're creating one cohesive service to run your entire business, from a register in your pocket to analytics on your laptop. for buyers, we're making it faster to order from the businesses you love and more fun to pay your friends back. buying and selling sound like simple things - and they should be. somewhere along the way, they got complicated. we're working hard to make commerce easy for everyone.
the product marketing manager ensures that the right customers are getting the right message, through the right channels and represents the customer's voice in product strategy discussions and decisions. the ultimate goal is to make sure we are building the right products and to drive growth and usage of the various products within the overall portfolio.
we are looking for a creative, results-oriented, data-driven marketer to join
square as the product marketing manager working across our small business marketing products and services.
the ideal candidate will have a solid understanding of product strategy, branding and marketing and have a track record of strong cross-functional coordination. they should also possess exceptional analytical and communication skills.
identify target customers, their needs, and how products will meet those needs
understand customer needs through surveys, interviews, and product usage
be a conduit for the voice of the customer to the product team and company
develop key marketing messaging that will resonate with the target market
drive the go-to-market plan, ensuring that all customer-facing teams are on-message and maximizing each channel
develop and implement lifecycle marketing strategies aimed at optimizing product growth and retention
drive post-launch marketing programs for sustained product growth
review competitive offerings and drive ongoing differentiation
offer creative problem solving and analytical reasoning
work closely with product marketing leadership to support cross-functional initiatives
a ba/bs degree or equivalent practical experience
5+ years professional experience
3+ years working in product marketing, lifecycle marketing, or similar go-to-market experience through a strategy consulting or other backgrounds
previous background in b2b or b2c marketing,
preferably with exposure to small businesses
strong quantitative analytical ability and excellent written and oral communication skills
comfort in a face-paced, entrepreneurial, start-up environment
genuine interest in and curiosity in small business / local marketing or fintech
