Square Engineering Manager, Language Support

engineering manager, language support
we believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. so we're building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  we started with a little white credit card reader but haven't stopped there. our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and nfc payments, and our cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   we're empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  let's shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. and make it easier for customers to shop and pay at their favorite businesses. we're here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
the mission of the language support team is to provide engineers at square all the libraries, frameworks, and build tools that are used by product teams to ship server-side runtimes on the square platforms.
you will develop and maintain core libraries that every server engineer at square uses:
integrate seamlessly with square's deployment, monitoring, logging and alerting tools. provides the necessary glue code and idiomatic support for each supported platform.
integrate seamlessly with square's data storage systems, and provides the necessary glue code and idiomatic support for each supported platform.
integrate seamlessly with square's service discovery and rpc mechanisms, for inter-service communication.
provide up-to-date, vetted open-source components and frameworks.
provide guidance/recommendations on how to choose a platform to build a service on.
provide build tooling such as pants, buildpacks, etc.
as an engineering manager, you will:
help set technical direction and vision for the team.
participate in design and code reviews. be willing / capable to roll-up sleeves when there is a need.
mentor engineers for their technical and career development.
hire great talent, coach and develop your team, cultivate pragmatic engineering decision-making.
8+ years of software development experience in relevant domains
1+ year of people management or equivalent experience
