Square Software Qa Analyst

software qa analyst
we believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. so we're building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  we started with a little white credit card reader but haven't stopped there. our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and nfc payments, and our cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   we're empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  let's shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. we're here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
at square, a qa analyst will be driving force behind a comprehensive test strategy to complement our test automation. this is a hands-on position. you will schedule and participate in internal testing events, collaborate closely with product feature teams as they develop test plans for new features, and ensure every release happens on time without regressions.
what you will do:
plan, create and execute tests for validating square's pos software including end-to-end testing with hardware integration
audit and help product teams create functional test plans
collaborate with external qa vendors as they execute our test plans. hold vendors accountable and ensure they have impact
perform black box testing and assist in the identification and design of test automation
mentor and train other team members in testing processes and tools
manage and organize our device test lab
2+ years as a software qa analyst with experience in testing mobile platforms
a strong sense of urgency and are a proactive self-starter
advanced analytical mindset
strong scheduling and project management/planning skills
a proven record of prioritizing and coordinating work across a large number of product teams
demonstrate the ability to own a complete functional area of a product for testing by planning, executing and driving issues to resolution
excellent communication skills
even better:
experience in testing payment systems
some coding and automation expertise is a plus
