Square Product Marketing Manager, Growth

product marketing manager, growth
we believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. so we're building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all. we started with a little white credit card reader but haven't stopped there. our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and nfc payments, and our cash app lets people pay each other back instantly. we're empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, and helping the ice cream shop pay its employees. and, with square developer platform we are allowing external developers to build solutions on top of square so that we can serve the needs of every seller. whether they are a small shop or a large retailers, we can help them run their business more efficiently. at the same time, we can provide developers with tools they need to quickly turn their ideas into reality and be a part of the growth and success of our developers and sellers.

the product marketing manager, growth on the deposits team will work with millions of existing square customers to grow their engagement with square using scalable channels. you will be responsible for increasing engagement and conversions throughout the customer lifecycle through email, social, and in-product. we are data-driven in everything we do: we carefully test and measure all of our communications, running dozens of tests at any point in time. you should ensure that the right customer will receive the right message through the right channel at the right time. the ideal candidate will have a solid understanding of growth strategy, analytics, and marketing and have a track record of strong cross-functional coordination. they should also possess exceptional analytical and communication skills.
deeply understand the customer lifecycle and identify opportunities for growth and optimization
run marketing campaigns and other growth initiatives end-to-end: you will design experiments, develop campaign strategy, and drive execution of the campaign through to completion
investigate and test new channels to communicate with our existing customers
partner with our analytics team to measure the impact of each campaign, and develop ways to scale
work cross-functionally with product, engineering, legal, analytics and creative to meet ambitious growth targets
partner with data science to leverage machine learning to automate campaigns and improve targeting
a ba/bs degree or equivalent practical experience
5+ years professional experience
3+ years working in a growth/product marketing capacity or similar analytical experience through a strategy consulting background
previous background in b2b or b2c marketing, preferably with exposure to both small and large businesses
strong quantitative analytical ability and excellent written and oral communication skills
comfort in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial, start-up environment
genuine interest in and curiosity about payments and fintech
