Square Business Analyst

business analyst
london, united kingdom
we believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. so we're building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  we started with a little white credit card reader but haven't stopped there. our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and nfc payments, and our cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   we're empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  let's shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. we're here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
we started with a simple idea—that everyone should be able to accept credit and debit cards—and we've been rethinking buying and selling ever since. square currently operates in 5 markets globally and

this role is based in our london office.
square is looking for a business analyst to join our london team. you will be responsible for delivering analysis and insights across the business including product, marketing, sales and partnerships; as well as building and running our regular reporting process. this person will work on a variety of projects designed to drive square's success and growth in the uk market including owning hardware sales forecasting; leading all information management and reporting; and analyzing market trends, accessing strategic opportunities and building business cases for our leadership team. reporting to the head of uk marketing with dotted line reporting into head of uk, the ideal candidate will have strong analytics experience and knowledge as to how to turn their analysis into business actions as well as strong communication skills.
oversee all sales forecasting for our hardware products across ecommerce and retail partners, aligning with marketing and sales activity
build, automate and maintain all business reporting and metrics across marketing, sales, partnerships
lead business analysis and case writing, such as:
marketing, sales, partnerships cohort analysis
customer segmentation and cohort analysis
financial modelling
synthesize data into insights and clear recommendations
manage ad hoc analytical projects as needed
work directly with our head of uk to provide market insights, recommendations and business strategy
research industry landscape to help drive key initiatives and provide insight to the square leadership team
develop competitive insights reporting process to provide market insights and strategy to wider uk and global business
a minimum of 3 years of work experience in an analytical role
a bachelor's degree in a quantitative field such as maths, economics and statistics or equivalent practical experience
advanced sql skills mandatory, including an ability to write queries from scratch
proficiency in excel
strong experience finding and analyzing data to drive insights
excellent ability to turn analysis into impactful presentations
strategic thinking, problem-solving, and logical structuring skills
excellent verbal and written communication skills
self-starter attitude and high degree of motivation to go above and beyond the task at hand
an ability to thrive in an ambiguous, start-up environment
