Square Software Engineer, Sdk

software engineer, sdk
seattle, wa, usa
the sdk team creates tools that external developers use to build apps on square's platform. we are a small, focused, and rapidly growing team with an abundance of growth and impact opportunities.
our products and responsibilities include:
sdk generation for multiple platforms
building higher level abstractions and components that developers can easily incorporate into their apps
rich sample applications that developers can use as building blocks or starting points
as a software engineer on the sdk team, you will own the design, creation, and maintenance for all of the above. you will have the opportunity to participate in the community of developers who build on the square developer platform and use that knowledge along with usage data to create new tools and components as well as adapt existing ones to meet the needs of our developer customers.
help build our developer platform, for use by millions of square merchants and a key strategic asset of square.
design and implement easy to use tools and reusable components, making thoughtful tradeoffs between consistency and availability when both are not possible.
work cross-functionally with our product teams, *many* other engineering teams, and partner developers to design and implement square's global developer platform.
build systems that maintain customers' sensitive data and hold square to the highest standards for security and compliance.
see the big picture to design fault tolerant systems so the team can be brave, move fast, and break things, without ever showing a negative impact to customers.
take input from and work with our developer community on square sdk projects and contribute to other projects as appropriate
ba/bs degree or equivalent practical, working experience (4+ years preferred)
a strong sense of customer empathy and desire to influence the product direction
innate curiosity and a desire to be responsible for all aspects of building square's developer platform in a small, highly focused, and very rapidly growing team.
understanding and curiosity in creating well thought out, scalable, low-latency, global systems.
been self-driven, open to collaboration and willing to grow as an engineer
even better if you are experienced in:
full-stack development (ruby on rails, java, javascript, php, or equivalents
cross-team and cross-functional collaboration
creating sdks and developer tools
working collaboratively or contributing to open source projects
