Square Ios Engineer, Payment Terminal

ios engineer, payment terminal
we believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. so we're building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  we started with a little white credit card reader but haven't stopped there. our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and nfc payments, and our cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   we're empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  let's shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. we're here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
payments is square's core product, and the majority of payments happen in our terminal product. the payment terminal product team focuses on the core payment functionality in the pos app. we take our sellers' experience as a whole and strive to improve their whole
lifecycle
as a business:
what we build:
in-app onboarding flows, which allows new sellers to onboard to square within the app and start taking payments very quickly.
payment tutorials, which helps new sellers learn about taking payments using square app.
card-on-file, which enables sellers to save buyer's card and charge recurrently.
universal linking support, which allows marketing campaigns to directly link into features within the app, for better conversion.
the product spans across web, ios, and android and our features sit atop a service oriented architecture. you'll be working in a full stack environment from the customer facing features to the underlying services. we are hoping you will take terminal to the next level.
design and build customer experiences in ios
help shape the direction of our next-gen app architecture
build extensive, reliable support for product data logging and metrics
work closely with our product, engineering, analytics, and marketing teams
ba/bs degree or equivalent practical, working experience (4+ years preferred)
been self-driven, open to collaboration and willing to grow as an engineer
a strong sense of customer empathy and desire to influence the product direction
curiosity in numbers and metrics with a focus on measurable impact
even better if you are experienced in:
ios app development (objective c or swift)
tech lead experience (of 3-5 persons team or more)
soa architecture
database schema design
cross-team and cross-functional collaboration
technologies we use and teach:
java, javascript, ember.js, mysql, protobuf, ruby on rails
a/b test techniques and methodologies
ios or android development
