Square Senior Data Analyst, Square Capital

senior data analyst, square capital
we believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. so we're building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all. we started with a little white credit card reader but haven't stopped there. our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and nfc payments, and our cash app lets people pay each other back instantly. we're empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, and helping the ice cream shop pay its employees. and, with square capital, we have extended over $1.5 billion in funding to over 100,000 sellers, helping them manage their cashflow and making it easy to invest in and grow their business. let's shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. and make it easier for customers to shop and pay at their favorite businesses. we're here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
as a senior data analyst on the capital team at square, you will be responsible for answering
unstructured business questions by analyzing and interpreting a wealth of data about our
products, services, and customers. this analysis will touch many parts of the organization, and your work is essentially making business, product, and operational decisions on the capital team.
work with business and product teams to anticipate analytics needs and answer product and business questions
design and implement data structures and analyses that drive actionable insights for new features and initiatives
work with data infrastructure engineers to build etls to ensure the right data is available for analysis
analyze, forecast, and build reporting for key performance metrics
effectively present and communicate analysis to the company in order to drive business decisions
a bs/ba in computer science, electrical engineering, math, statistics, economics, or related technical field (ms is a plus)
3+ years of relevant experience
experience using relational databases to query data (e.g. sql) and etl
excellent analytical skills and problem solving ability; the ability to answer unstructured business questions and work independently to drive projects to conclusion
intellectual curiosity
even better:
experience with data visualization technology, such as looker
experience with scripting and data analysis programming languages (e.g. python, r)
experience with etl management tools, such as airflow
