Square Diversity Sourcer (Contract)

diversity sourcer (contract)
we believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. so we're building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  we started with a little white credit card reader but haven't stopped there. our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and nfc payments, and our cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   we're empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  let's shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. and make it easier for customers to shop and pay at their favorite businesses. we're here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
square is actively seeking to hire a diversity sourcer to identify and assess underrepresented talent. sourcers work closely with our recruiters and hiring managers to develop and execute strategies to locate and attract candidates to square. we encourage practical and creative ways to surface leading talent, and we invest a lot of time activating passive candidates through a highly engaged approach.
we're seeking a highly motivated diversity sourcer who understands technology and has a strong ability to build a diverse talent pipeline for both technical and non-technical roles. the ideal candidate will have experience creating effective diversity sourcing programs, a pipeline development strategy, and relationship management experience.
this role requires that you work in our san francisco office. it is not a remote position and relocation is not provided.
work closely with recruiters, sourcers, hiring managers, and our inclusion & diversity lead to understand technical and non-technical requirements of various roles and teams
proactively build underrepresented talent pipelines through referral generation, online sourcing, events, and sourcing campaigns
screen resumes and interview candidates
consistently maintain and track pipeline activity to share with hiring managers and recruiters
recommend creative and results-oriented ideas to cultivate a diverse pipeline
3+ years sourcing or recruiting experience with an agency or in-house recruiting team, including strong technical sourcing/recruiting experience
an understanding of the opportunities and challenges in building a diverse talent pool and the tenacity to overcome obstacles and challenges
experience with an applicant tracking system and other sourcing tools (li recruiter, boolean search, etc.) to maintain candidate pipeline
the ability to build and maintain a long-term pipeline for hard-to-fill roles
developed and maintained various strategies resulting in the engagement of passive technical candidates
experience using data and metrics as a means to advise partners and make recommendations
technical industry knowledge and general comprehension of relevant technical skills, relevant companies, engineering communities, and other technical resources
strong communication and interpersonal skills, a team-oriented approach, and a desire to learn
