Square Software Engineer (University Students)

software engineer (university students)
intern
university students provide fresh ideas and innovation here at square. we are no longer accepting applications for the 2018 season, but we are always on the lookout for future interns and future full time hires. interested students apply here for future consideration or in the event, a role opens up.
we're looking for smart engineers of all shapes and sizes, capable and passionate about building extraordinary software and solving hard problems. our challenges span many technologies, from
web
and mobile applications (ios, android) to server-side development (java and/or ruby). our engineers work on small teams with people across engineering, product, and creative, building reliable, fast, responsive, and beautiful software.
design: implement pixel perfect designs that defy user expectations.
reliability: ensure square works right, every time, by using testing, continuous integration, and in-depth code reviews.
security: build interactions and apis that reinforce trust, increase security, and make it harder to do the wrong thing.
analytics: collect all the data around every transaction and turn it into tools that help our users.
products: envision entire new products, features, and flows that are inspired, considered, and magical.
fraud: make quick decisions on millions of dollars which require good judgment, through diligence, and passion for detecting bad actors and preventing loss.
machine learning: build and refine powerful machine learning models that automate decisions, prioritize our work, and change the behavior of square's products in real time.
pursuing a degree in computer science, electrical engineering, math or related technical field, graduating between june 2017 and june 2022.
programming experience in one or more object-oriented languages, including c, c++, objective-c, java, ruby, scala, go, and/or python.
perks
education / foundational / social events
lunch ‘n learn workshops
fully stocked micro-kitchens
