Square Tax Lead, International

tax lead, international
we believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. so we're building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  we started with a little white credit card reader but haven't stopped there. our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and nfc payments, and our cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   we're empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  let's shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. we're here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
square, inc. is seeking a senior international tax consulting manager to support
all areas of tax as the company grows.
the international senior tax consulting manager will report to square's head of tax but will work closely
with finance, accounting, product, and legal.
in this role it is vital to communicate and develop relationships
with senior management and all functions of the company – in particular our product leads. the candidate
must be able to analyze all sides of an argument, have strong analytical skills as well as have the ability to
research and write tax technical memos, document tax positions for our auditors, and ensure that the proper
checks and balances are in place to ensure all aspects have been considered. international tax knowledge
and experience as well as the ability to communicate with multiple interests across functional groups outside
the tax function are required.
have the following areas of responsibility:
us tax implications on non­us operations as well as local country tax implications –
when applying, please include in which countries you have direct local country tax
experience and of what nature.
international ip offshoring and tax efficient structuring – when applying please indicate
with which countries you have this experience.
transfer pricing – when applying, please indicate with which countries you have this
experience.
informational reporting – fatca, sec. 1441, back­up withholding and sec. 6050w
transactional taxes – particularly relevant experience would be in a vat exempt business
– when applying, please indicate in which countries and in which line of business.
saas and payments products– when applying, please indicate on what type of products
you have provided tax advice.
tax incentives – when applying, please indicate in which locations you have obtained tax
incentives.
international m&a due diligence
international tax audits– when applying, please provide type of tax and jurisdiction where
you have managed a tax audit.
you have​:
12+ years of experience with substantial experience in international tax
cpa or jd
big 4 and/or national law firm experience required
expert understanding of u.s. tax rules and exposures – particularly on non­us operations
international experience relating to asc 740
international m&a experience would be a plus
the ability to operate at all levels. this position has no direct reports.
a level of comfortability with systems/data mining (oracle, mysql) would be a significant plus
strong interpersonal communication, management, and team building skills
strong project management, planning, and organization skills, including ability to handle multiple
projects simultaneously in a fast­paced environment – and bring them to conclusion
an upbeat attitude; ability to seek out and implement internal or external best practices
a level of comfortability to report out on status in real­time. we are a very transparent company with
lots of bright and inquisitive minds.
expert knowledge of microsoft office and financial analytics/modeling
ability to explain complex tax issues in a simple, clear and concise manner
a creative approach to finding solutions while always ensuring compliance
unquestionable integrity
