Square Software Engineer, Developer Identity And Access Management

software engineer, developer identity and access management
we believe everyone should be able to participate and thrive in the economy. so we're building tools that make commerce easier and more accessible to all.  we started with a little white credit card reader but haven't stopped there. our new reader helps our sellers accept chip cards and nfc payments, and our cash app lets people pay each other back instantly.   we're empowering the independent electrician to send invoices, setting up the favorite food truck with a delivery option, helping the ice cream shop pay its employees, and giving the burgeoning coffee chain capital for a second, third, and fourth location.  let's shorten the distance between having an idea and making a living from it. we're here to help sellers of all sizes start, run, and grow their business—and helping them grow their business is good business for everyone.
the developer platform team is responsible for apis that external developers use to build apps on square's platform and enabling all internal teams to have public apis. we provide third party developers with the tools to create solutions for both existing square merchants and entirely new customers. our engineering team has one simple but lofty goal: convert square from a product company into a platform company.
help us iterate and integrate our identity and access management systems across square products and apis
work with internal teams to help them develop world-class platform apis
develop tools in conjunction with the developers and application security teams to proactively audit our systems
work with program managers, technical writers, and third party developers to refine our api authentication and authorization flows
a strong desire to perform and grow as an engineer
a bachelor's degree in computer science or equivalent
demonstrated your love for engineering through side projects, research, or open source contribution
comfortable working in or learning ruby, java, and go
