Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Freight Software Engineer - Internship / Co-op
 Engineering, University in San Francisco, CA
 Apply Now
 About Uber 
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 UBER FREIGHT  
  
 Uber Freight connects shippers with truckers, much like the way the Uber connects riders and drivers. The Uber Freight team believes that empowering truck drivers will bring more open, efficient, and increasingly safer transportation to our roads. 
 We are a team of sharp, entrepreneurial individuals who are redefining the movement of goods around the world. We are currently looking for candidates to join our growing team who share our enthusiasm for tackling today’s toughest challenges in transportation.
 We’re looking for experienced, passionate developers to work on our team. Specifically, we organize our efforts into four cross-functional teams focused on the driver app experience, the operations experience, the shipper experience, and pricing and marketplace dynamics.
  
 THE ROLE
  
 As a software engineer intern/co-op, you'll have a direct impact on the experience for trucker drivers, carriers and shippers. You will work on one of the fastest growing business lines at Uber while working in an industry that powers much of the world’s economy.  We are passionate, engaged and excited about cracking the code on mobility.
  
 ABOUT YOU
  
 Fast learner. 
 We’re looking for software engineer interns/co-ops who thrive on learning new technologies.  You ask thoughtful questions to ensure you are solving the right problems.  You should be able to adapt easily to meet the needs of our massive growth and rapidly evolving business environment. You are comfortable with at least one scripting language (e.g. Python or JavaScript) and have an eagerness to learn more: MySQL, PostgreSQL, Redis, Kafka, and ElasticSearch.  You develop proficiency in coding standards, tools, estimation skills and best practices to build the foundation for future success
 Fearlessness.
   You are bold, decisive, courageous, and results-oriented.  You challenge assumptions while being open-minded to seek out the best answers
 Versatility.
  You are willing to work across tech stacks (front-end, back-end, mobile) and different teams to get results
 Ownership. 
  You feel ownership over everything you ship.  You proactively fix out of date code, happily debug, and provide timely code reviews.  You proactively communicate your progress to stakeholders and ensure timely project delivery
 A team player.
  You believe that you can achieve more on a team — that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. You do things that benefit your peers and seek to continuously improve. You solicit feedback from senior members of your team on code reviews and design documents, while providing constructive comments and relevant feedback
 Design and business acumen.
  You understand requirements beyond the written word. Whether you’re working on an API used by other developers, an internal tool consumed by our operation teams, or a feature used by millions of customers, your attention to details leads to a delightful user experience
  
 QUALIFICATIONS
 Actively pursuing a Bachelors, Masters or PhD in Computer Science, Engineering or a related technical discipline with at least one remaining semester of school left after completion of the internship
 Demonstrated software engineering experience through previous internships, work experience, coding competitions, and/or publications
  
 PERKS
  
 Receive credits and discounts towards Uber rides every month
 Paid company cell phone or monthly reimbursement
 Provided breakfast, lunch and dinner along with unlimited snacks and drinks
 Professional development events to give you exposure to leaders within the company
 Intern only events to ensure you’re celebrating the city that you’re working and living in
 The rare opportunity to change the world such that everyone around you is using the product you built
 Sharp, motivated co-workers in a fun office environment
  
 BENEFITS (U.S.)
  
 Full medical/dental/vision package to fit your needs
 Monthly housing stipend
 Paid company holidays
 Unlimited vacation policy
  
 ABOUT US
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 500 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the women and men who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer. 
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next. 
  
 We're bringing Uber to every major city in the world. We need your skills and passion to help make it happen! Be sure to check out the Uber Engineering 
 Blog
  to learn more about the team.
  
 Uber is an equal opportunity employer and enthusiastically encourages people from a wide variety of backgrounds and experiences to apply. We don’t discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), gender, national origin, citizenship, age, mental or physical disability, veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or any other basis prohibited by law.
  
  
  
  
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
