Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Marketing Manager, Uber Eats - Panama & Dominican Republic
 Local Marketing, Marketing in Panama City, Panama
 Apply Now
 About Uber 
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 About the Role
  
 The UberEATS Marketing Manager role is a unique opportunity to help grow one of Uber’s newest services: UberEATS, which is in the process of expanding in a big way.
  
 UberEATS is looking for a highly strategic and analytical marketing manager who can take charge of the customer story for UberEATS in Panama while meticulously unpacking the key growth levers for our business. This is an intense “startup-within-a-startup” role, and as a part of the team the right person will be comfortable in an “all hands on deck” environment able to operate and coordinate across multiple teams.
  
 You will work with the UberEATS operations, design, product, growth marketing teams to create, execute and measure marketing tactics, effectively communicate our brand, and grow our business. You should be equally at home drafting an engaging email campaign or social post for massive distribution across the Uber user base as you are at home writing using a spreadsheet to analyze the results of your campaign.  You love data; you think an effort that isn’t measured is wasted.  Above all, you bring creative and strategic thinking, a flair for numbers, and an intuitive ability to match effort with business impact.
  
 What You'll Do
 Insight led Strategy: Build our marketing strategy around customer insights, drawing inspiration and data from varied sources and integrating them creatively
 Opportunity Identification: Quantify everything you do by leveraging data, conducting analysis and experimentation to identify highest value opportunities for communication channels to users, restaurant partners, and driver partners
 Campaign Planning & Prioritization: Structure communications in a milestone- vs. time-based fashion, meaning that this is less about a plug-and-play communications strategy and more about targeted outreach based on need and opportunity
 New Communication Channels: Help develop channel efficiency and effectiveness for our campaigns to maximize impact and growth
 Partnership Development: Identify strategic partnerships to grow the UberEATS brand and build awareness in the city — this could be a campaign with a well-known influencer, chef or restaurant, to a partnership with a major food event in the city
 Content Crafting: Serve as the voice of the UberEATS brand in Panama's market, helping to establish content that is beautiful (lots of food photography!), approachable, fun and action-oriented. You can craft a compelling narrative across different channels - you know how to match the message to the medium
 Informing Promotional Spend Decisions: Act as a thought partner to the General Manager concerning decisions on how to best deploy the promotion budget in order to accelerate market penetration and market share capture
 Hack and accelerate our path to a market leadership position
 What You'll Need
 Bachelor’s degree in Marketing or Communication and a demonstrated ability in quantitative fields
 A minimum of 4 years of experience of digital marketing, user analytics, and/or consulting experience in a fast paced environment is expected - but we will consider candidates with less experience if they meet our other requirements
 Bilingual proficiency in Spanish and English
 Experience creating agency briefs and business cases
 Expertise around new communications mediums like social, email and newsletter marketing, etc
 Experience making data-driven strategic marketing decisions using funnel tracking, A/B testing, and other analytical tools
 An eye for design, and comfort wielding tools like Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop
 Strong written communication skills and ability to craft a brand voice
 Ability to take initiative in a constantly-changing work environment and a willingness to adopt a generalist mindset
 Growth hacking - knowing how to meticulously unpack the key levers for growing a business through keen analysis and scientific experimentation
 Startup (all-hands-on-deck) approach
 Passion for Uber’s mission, the on-demand delivery space, and food delivery in particular
 About the Team
  
 As part of the UberEATS City Team, you’ll work closely with the General Manager and the Sales and Operations teams to support processes that scale and innovate UberEATS sales from the ground up.
  
  
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
