Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Engineering Manager - Software Platform, Self-Driving
 Software Engineering, Advanced Technologies Group in San Francisco, CA
 Apply Now
 About Uber 
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 About the Role
  
 The Uber Advanced Technology Group is seeking an Engineering Manager to lead ongoing development of technical infrastructure as applied to the autonomous driving technology space.  Our software platforms support the ATG mission across both development and production realms, and include vehicle-resident operating systems, onboard software frameworks and sensor integration, live telemetry systems, bulk data transport and curation, large-scale datacenter systems, software build and release, among others.
  
 Are you passionate about building high-reliability mobile systems?  Do you enjoy solving complex data management problems at continental scale?  Do you live and breathe at the context of compute, storage, networking, space, power and requirements?  Are you able to rapidly understand the needs of users and convert these to action plans?  Are you comfortable diving deep into the details of sensors or systems one day, and doing technology selection and resource planning the next day?  If so this opportunity is for you.
  
 As an Engineering Manager at ATG you will be expected to make an impact through both organizing the work of others and your ability to lead within one or more technical areas. Working at the intersection of technology and people, you will balance long-term technology direction, health of the team, and individual careers of team members to ensure success in all these dimensions.
  
 What You’ll Do
  
 Access Uber's planet-scale data store while gaining subject matter expertise in the specific technical infrastructure needs of self-driving technologists;
 Learn from world-renowned practitioners in robotics, mapping, perception, logistics, machine learning, motion planning, mobile communications, and other fields;
 See your work and that of your team deployed fast and often into the enterprise, to receive rapid use and feedback for future iteration;
  
 Work with a group of core domain experts to plot the future course of technical infrastructure technologies within the enterprise;
 Recruit and attract new talent into your group, to enhance and accelerate existing and future programs;
 Benefit from working at a dynamic startup inside an established, well-capitalized company.
  
 What You’ll Need
  
 People management experience:
  You have the management playbook to nurture careers, manage under- and over-achievers, influence cross-functional teams, and recruit and build teams;
 Skills as a software systems expert:
  Deep knowledge of operating systems, common software toolsets and frameworks, ability to select and blend existing technologies suitable to the specific ATG problem space;
 Fast learner:
  We're looking for an Engineering Manager who thrives on learning new technologies and doesn't believe in one-size-fits-all solutions -- you should be able to adapt easily to meet the needs of our massive growth and rapidly evolving business environment;
 Action:
  You think a working proof-of-concept is the best way to make a point, and you thrive on the belief that quality doesn't have to be compromised to achieve speed - you can have both at the same time;
 Versatility:
  In addition to having an intimate knowledge of core engineering fields, you understand how all the pieces fit together into integrated systems, and how they impact performance;
 Passion:
  You feel ownership over everything you ship; you'd never think of code as "released" by your team until you're sure it's correct; you pride yourself on ensuring your teams do efficient monitoring, excellent documentation, and proper test coverage;
 Team player mentality:
  You believe that you can achieve more on a team - that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts;
 Design and business acumen:
  Whether you're working on an API used by other developers, an internal tool consumed by our operation teams, or a feature used by millions of customers, your attention to details leads to a delightful user experience.
  
 About the Team
  
 The Platforms team builds and runs the set of software platforms used to operate our fleets of automated vehicles.  From onboard sensing and computation, to wireless telemetry, to bulk data capture and offload, to ingest and transform and indexing and searching, to visualization frameworks and more, the Platforms team plays a central role in the ATG development and production ecosystem; we make the cars drive, protect them from harm, provide rich datasets to our engineers, and delight our scientists!
  
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
