Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Full Stack Software Developer - Autonomous Vehicle Maps
 Software Engineering, Advanced Technologies Group in Pittsburgh, PA
 Apply Now
 About Uber
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 About the Role
  
 As a Full Stack Developer, you will specifically play a major role in designing, developing, deploying and supporting Uber’s map development technologies. You will have an opportunity to work on and develop your skills in information representation, algorithms and complex computations, UI design and, of course, developing web technologies; and the list is growing everyday. You will work on a specific project critical to Uber ATG’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems as we continue to push technology forward.
 What You'll Do
  
 Experience building highly-reliable and scalable products in Full Stack JavaScript and had taken advantage of its features and flexibility
 Experience building complex applications using technologies such as React, Ember, or Angular (we use React and Redux)
 Experience with API designs, integration with databases and working in large datasets.
 Research, design, document, implement, and test computer software systems, in conjunction with product development requirements, applying principles and techniques of computer science, engineering, and mathematical analysis
 Develop capabilities using Python scripts to provide seamless integrated solutions across technologies.
 Apply the appropriate standards, processes, procedures, and tools throughout the system development life cycle to support the generation of technical engineering products
 Further advance the cutting-edge technology and contribute production quality code to open source projects.
  
 What You'll Need
  
 Web Technologies. You've built side projects or professionally utilize the latest stacks and libraries(we use React and Redux) such as Node.js, React, Angular, Rails, Ember, CSS frameworks etc. You are excited by the amazing pace that the web continues to evolve. You seek new methods and tools to make great web tools faster and better, both on the front-end and back-end. Familiarity with principles of architecture patterns and good user experience.
 Action. You believe that speed and quality can be achieved at the same time. You've shown self-starter mentality, good judgement, shipping as fast as possible, products that are built in a responsible and sustainable way. You're willing to thrive in a fast and growing environment where all hands are on deck, and consider no obstacle too big or too small.
 The drive to make teams stronger. You're excited to work with a team to the finish line or work hard on new opportunities. You work well in fast moving teams and have no problem in collaborating with others to resolve difficult problems. You support your team as much as your team supports you.
 About the Team
  
 The AVMaps team at Uber Advanced Technologies Group (ATG) is a passionate, close-knit group of interdisciplinary thinkers and doers that craft forward-thinking software that enables self-driving vehicles. We develop technologies at fast pace while considering safety, legality and user experience. The team identifies map data and builds solutions to deliver reliable and high quality maps for faster autonomous development.
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
