Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Manager, Internal Audit
 Accounting, Finance & Accounting in Hyderabad, India
 Apply Now
 About Uber 
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 Uber Internal Audit is looking to hire a IT Internal Audit Manager to join our growing team! We’re looking for a candidate with extensive IT systems processes related to financial applications and IT internal controls experience who is excited to help build out the internal controls program at Uber.  The ideal candidate will have a proven track record of managing and building an internal controls program and partnering with stakeholders to develop efficient and well-controlled processes across the enterprise. This role is based in Hyderabad, India and reports to the Senior Manager, IT Internal Audit in San Francisco, California USA.  
 What You’ll Do
  
  
 Assist in the development of a global internal controls program.
 Participate in IT finance engineering risk assessment activities
 Conduct Information Technology (IT) audit reviews of service oriented systems 
 Perform the planning, fieldwork, reporting, and follow-up phases of IT audits with limited supervision.  
 Assist engineering teams on optimizing business processes by evaluating the application controls of systems that support the business process under review, and developing computer assisted audit techniques (CAATs) to test controls.
 Execute ad hoc projects, such as due diligence reviews, readiness assessments, etc.
 Prepare findings and recommendations and support communication to the executive team.  Also, actively monitor audit related remediation and management action plans.
 Influence and champion operational efficiency and a well controlled control environment.
 Research and stay current on new technical literature applicable to the internal control process (e.g., PCAOB guidance, SEC, etc.), emerging trends and best practices.
  
 What You’ll Need
  
 Bachelor’s degree in Accounting or Finance preferred with technical IT experience preferred.
 Certification in 1 or more of the following: CA, CPA, CISA, or CIA.
 Ability and willingness to travel (up to 25 percent).
 Intensely curious person who wants to know the what, where, when, how, and most importantly why our processes work the way they do.  
 Risk-minded person who can see what could go wrong in a process and work with stakeholders to tie the risk to an activity or to call out a gap.  
 Able to translate what you learn to stakeholders and partner with them to advise them as they implement process changes.  
 Able to communicate very well in verbal and written form.  This applies to interacting with stakeholders, the IA team, and in your written communications (especially when it comes to crafting messages and relaying findings and recommendations).  
 Can easily adapt between working independently or collaboratively on a team, with various stakeholders and outsourced audit teams, and on unstructured projects
 Highly organized and able to manage time, tasks, deliverables and maintain a strong attention to detail in a fast-paced environment.
 Demonstrate significant knowledge of information technology general controls and automated business process controls and concepts in a homegrown service-oriented IT environment and Oracle ERP system.
  
 Bonus Points If
  
 At least 5+ years audit experience.
 Experience with SOX readiness reviews or implementation of internal controls
 Knowledge of business and IT processes and how they intersect with financial transactions.
 Ability to analyze complex processes to identify potential financial, operational, systems and compliance risks.
 Must be able to complete assignments on a timely basis within budget and deadline.
 Working technical knowledge of US GAAP, SEC reporting requirements, COSO, SOX requirements, including PCAOB Auditing Standard No. 5, IIA standards and audit processes and procedures.
 Public accounting and/or start-up experience, a plus.
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
