Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Community Operations Manager- Cracow
 Community Operations, Global Community Operations in Krakow, Poland
 Apply Now
 About Uber 
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 About the job
  
 At Uber, providing excellent support that establishes trust for riders and driver partners-our community-is a core feature of our product experience. We invest in it and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the smartest, most efficient way. We're looking for a Community Operations Manager to develop and lead support efforts in our Cracow Centre of Excellence (COE). Uber COEs are contact management centers dedicated to providing world-class customer support to riders and drivers. Uber relies on the COEs to provide support for our community's toughest issues types, handle escalations from our tens of thousands of business processing outsourcing (BPO) agents, and provide an environment to pilot support for new products or test new support modalities or processes.
  
 This will be a managerial role with a heavy focus on people management, data analytics, and continuous process improvement, so those interested should be excited to demonstrate those skills and be eager to lead.
  
  
 What you'll do
 Be tasked with scaling support in an innovative way at a company that's growing rapidly and changing constantly.
 Proactively lead, motivate, and develop high performing teams within a time-sensitive and exciting environment to deliver on operational KPIs.
 Set up career development plans, be responsible for managing Team Leads, and help develop them into talented people managers. You will be managing up to 5-7 Team Leads, who will each be managing up to 10-15 team members. These team members are at the forefront of our business, answering our community's questions and tending to their needs.
 Dive deep into the numbers and make data-driven decisions and process improvements.
 Be a passionate advocate for all riders and driver partners and answer any questions that come your way in an exciting, fast moving environment.
 Be a Subject-Matter Expert (SME) on your team's processes and policies.
 Be responsible for identifying trends within your team's' performance as well as overall support trends.
 Drive continuous process improvement to deliver a consistent world-class experience.
  
 What you'll need
 Fluency in Polish and English is a must.
 At least 5 years of work experience in a fast-paced, high-intensity environment, including at least 2 years of leading teams of 10+ people.
 You have experience leading and managing a large team. You understand how to motivate teams and people in an exciting and ambiguous environment. You put your team first and are their most passionate advocate.
 Exceptional communication skills. Your communication style is flexible to the situation. From communicating updates to your team, to discussing metrics with key stakeholders, or presenting to leadership, you communicate clearly and with a purpose.
 A love of process and optimization. You will be revolutionizing support for the Uber community. You're excited about the opportunity to create and experiment with support processes, and are willing and able to lead others utilizing them.
 A data-driven and analytical in mindset. You can look at any spreadsheet and know the right questions to ask to get to actionable outcomes, and you know how to explain data in a digestible way. You have excellent Excel skills. Bonus points if you have SQL, coding, or programming experience.
 Incredible empathy and understanding of both riders and driver partners alike. You will be an excellent advocate for Uber's users and are passionate about the community experience.
 Prior professional experience with process optimization, systematic organization, program/project management.
 Demonstrated ability to lead effectively, set team goals, develop people to their highest levels of performance, and lead through challenging situations.
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
