Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Learning Manager- Lisbon
 Community Operations, Global Community Operations in Lisbon, Portugal
 Apply Now
 About Uber 
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
  
 About the Role
  
 At Uber, thousands of people are engaged in providing world-class support to our community. We need to onboard hundreds more people each month and ensure that those we have hired continuously develop their skills, no matter the role.
  
 To support that, we’re looking for a Learning Manager to work alongside our Center of Excellence team to lead the internal Learning program. This multifaceted role requires quick thinking and proficiency in building and executing, on detailed learning plans as well as an overall knack for interaction, in-person training and learning-quality analysis.
  
 Our Community Operations Managers and Community Support Teams are all about process efficiency, and as a Learning Manager, you would be ensuring that these teams are able to continuously provide world class support to everyone involved in the Uber experience. This role is about building a solid foundation for our COE Learning programs, scaling it beyond what is today, and pre-empting what it will need to be tomorrow.
 What You’ll Do
  
  
 You’ll be tasked with the ownership of all learning in the Center of Excellence, improving the delivery and design of new hire-training curricula and leading and implementing a continuous learning strategy at a company that’s growing fast and changing constantly. You’re prepared to:
 Mentor and coordinate a team of trainers to create and develop a culture of learning and constant improvement
 Work cross functionally to improve Community Support Representatives’ (CSRs) learning experience and knowledge of internal and external tools and products
 Facilitate learning programs to develop participants' competencies and help learners meet specified performance expectations
 Modify training programs, as necessary, to ensure consistency with Uber culture and quality standards
 Collaborate with your site’s leadership team regarding training needs, curriculum design, development, and delivery in order to create relevant solutions for the business
 Build ad hoc training curricula based on the Center Of Excellence internal needs, such as learnings on technical knowledge or other specific areas of expertise to help agents develop their skillset
 Develop a continuous learning strategy and ensure that agents have regular upskilling and learning session to grow and develop in their role
 Monitor linkage between curriculum and improved learner job performance, coach participants back on the job, ensure that learning translates to performance, and conduct additional research prior to leading change initiatives
 Evaluate learning and use evaluation and feedback to upgrade learning and/or develop additional material
 Ensure learning schedules and calendars are administered and maintain participant records during training
 Be a passionate advocate for your global Community Operations organization by owning the learning development of their support team
 Be available to work on evenings and weekends, variable schedule(s) as necessary to meet demands of the business
 Wo You Are
  
 A People Person. 
 You love developing teams and people to push the boundaries of what success looks like.
 A Trainer
 . Standing up in front of a group and explaining the inner workings of support at Uber feels natural.
 A Self Starter
 . You’re ready for the autonomy that comes with building a new process at Uber.
 Analytical. 
 You can make sense of complex data sets to find root causes for training/learning issues, and can use this data to identify people who may need retraining or remediation.  
 A Team Player
 . You aren’t scared to collaborate across function or region to get the best possible outcome for your training.
 Process driven
 . You have superior organizational skills, and constantly look to iterate on things to make them more efficient.
 Naturally curious
 . You love learning how things work and you’re always looking for ways to innovate. You enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results.
 Motivated
 . You understand the impact of a highly satisfied, excited team of users.
  
  
 What You’ll Need
  
 Bachelor’s Degree in business or relevant learning program
 3-6 years of experience in high growth organization where you were tasked with using data to drive decisions; High growth, technology, learning management, learning strategy, business intelligence, management experience is a plus.
 Skill and understanding of curriculum & learning program development
 Self starter - the ability to self-serve and self-starter attitude are a must!
 Understanding of core learning principles : Instructional Design, Blended Learning, Learning Management Systems and Training Facilitation.
  
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
