Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Financial Analyst - Strategy & Planning - Comm Ops
 Community Operations, Global Community Operations in Mexico City, Mexico
 Apply Now
 About Uber 
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
  
 About the Role
  
 We’re looking for an all-star Financial Analyst to join the Global Community Operations Network Team. The Financial Analyst help the invoice reconciliation and spend analysis for our support centers globally. This individual will work closely with Finance, Accounting, and Strategy & Planning teams to support the Community Operations organization.
  
 This is a high-visibility position that interacts with a broad stakeholder group. This exciting role requires a superior, self-directed individual with strong attention to detail, great organizational skills, and the ability to meet tight deadlines. The successful candidate will be process-oriented  and highly self-motivated with a strong sense of initiative, anticipating needs and driving process improvement.
 What You’ll Do
  
 Sophisticated financial and operational modeling - know how to build and work within existing complex models. Help us understand our business and opportunities
 Scale and transition from startup to mature enterprise - we need the best people on board to help us refine our planning processes, and ensure finance standard methodologies and accountability are spread throughout the organization
 Manage relationships with Global stakeholders across Community Operations team, and Finance
 Help us scale / transition from startup to mature enterprise.  This entails refining our planning processes, and ensuring finance best practices and accountability is spread throughout the organization
 Help drive requirements and implementation for financial planning and business intelligence systems
 Propose and perform analysis on new opportunities to make operations more efficient 
 Special projects / ad hoc analyses - new initiatives, products, risks and opportunities are constantly arising
  
 What You’ll Need
  
 BS/BA in Finance, Accounting, Economics, Engineering or similar
 Minimum 1 year in Banking, Management Consulting and/or Corporate finance / operational FP&A
 Extraordinary Excel / financial modeling skills. Best practices are second-nature, you can handle complexity but strive for simplicity
 Attention to detail combined with swift execution. We need to do things quickly and we need to do them well
 Hustle - hustle and passion are the lifeblood of Uber. We move fast and deliver results because of our hustle and passion
 Excellent communication (written and verbal) and relationship building skills - numbers are key, but a business is built with people. You possess the ability to distill complex analyses and nuanced problems into simple, logical frameworks with concrete action plans. High emotional intelligence and adept communication are required in our fast-moving environment
 Highly organized and over communicator
 Professional proficiency in Spanish and English
  
 Bonus Points If
  
 Entrepreneurial self-starter - You will take initiative, be enthusiastic and resourceful, set and drive toward solutions / goals in a fast-paced, rapidly-evolving environment
 Experience either in a high-growth tech startup or a large, well-established company
  
 About the Team
  
 At Uber, providing extraordinary customer support to riders and driver partners is a core feature of our product experience. The Community Operations Team is pioneering how Uber manages rider and driver support around the globe during our most critical incidents and accidents. Delivering this support isn’t easy - it takes leaders who can understand Uber’s operations, adapt to our constantly changing business, and help solve problems where no solution currently exists
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
