Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Community Support Representative - Cairo
 Community Operations, Global Community Operations in Egypt
 Apply Now
 About Uber
  
 Uber is a technology company that is changing the way the world thinks about transportation. We are building technology people use everyday. Whether it's heading home from work, getting a meal delivered from a favorite restaurant, or a way to earn extra income, Uber is becoming part of the fabric of daily life.
  
 We're making cities safer, smarter, and more connected. And we're doing it at a global scale-energizing local economies and bringing opportunity to millions of people around the world.
  
 Uber's positive impact is tangible in the communities we operate in, and that drives us to keep moving forward.
 About the job
  
 At Uber, providing amazing support that establishes trust for riders and driver partners-our community-is a core feature of our product experience. We invest in it and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the most compelling, most efficient way. Community Support Representatives are all about helping and educating both riders and drivers. We help people resolve their issues and turn unhappy users into our most passionate evangelists. The right candidate is always looking for unique and exciting ways to resolve problems with exceptional support and communication, ensuring that problems are resolved promptly while developing trustworthy relationships with our community.
  
 We are seeking an attentive, personable, highly-organized Community Support Representative to support the city's operations team as we continue to grow our presence. This is a full time opportunity working with an amazing operations team on the daily functions that are at the core of Uber.
  
 What you'll do
 Deliver high-quality service across multiple support platforms (email, chat, phone)
 Be a passionate advocate for riders and drivers while answering any questions that come your way
 Show empathy to frustrated riders and drivers while solving problems and addressing unsatisfactory experiences
 Create loyalty among new users and get our early adopters to fall in love with Uber all over again
 Triage issues and escalate them when necessary
  
 What you'll need
 Incredible empathy and understanding of both riders and driver partners alike. You will be an excellent advocate for Uber's users and are passionate about the community experience.
 Calm under pressure. You have excellent organizational skills, integrity, and great follow-through on tasks.
 Natural curiosity. You love learning how things work and you're always looking for creative solutions. You enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results.
 Eloquence. You're able to strike the perfect tone, whether you're explaining a new policy to riders or drivers, explaining the importance of certain complicated metrics, or responding to support issues over email.
 Passion. You love Uber. You are driven by helping others and being on the front-lines of a highly visible, fast-growing brand.
 Agility. You can move quickly with care. You embrace change and can absorb new information with ease.
 A high proficiency using computers (typing, quickly navigating between various tools).
 Excellent reading comprehension and writing skills in English and Arabic language. Must be able to connect what users are asking for with answers to their true issues.
 Passion for helping others and creating support experiences that exceed users' expectations.
 Ability to troubleshoot problems and find speedy resolutions.
 Skilled at handling multiple issues at once to efficiently resolve a large number of inquiries.
 The ability to work well in a team environment, contributing to a synergistic work environment where people learn from one another and continuously improve processes on behalf of users.
 Flexibility. Weekend and weekly evening shifts are required.
 To be an Uber evangelist - you care deeply about the product and getting others excited to ride and partner with Uber.
 You'll get a competitive hourly rate as well as tons of experience in a tech environment.
  
 Uber is an equal opportunity employer and enthusiastically encourages people from a wide variety of backgrounds and experiences to apply. Uber does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), gender, national origin, citizenship, age, mental or physical disability, veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or any other basis prohibited by law.
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
