Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Head of Customer Experience- Egypt
 Community Operations, Global Community Operations in Egypt
 Apply Now
 About Uber 
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 The Egypt Head of Customer Experience manages and is responsible for optimising all our customer interactions across all channels for Egypt. His or her mission is to deliver a world class experience for every interaction we have and doing this in the most efficient and lean way possible for all our driver partners and riders. All this done in such a way that establishes trust for our community, which we think is an important and core feature of our product experience. It consists of managing and leading the team in the GLs (2 locations Cairo and Alexandria, 40+ people) as well as managing the local Community Operations management team (Cairo). Growing and managing the team from its current state will be key part of this role. 
  
 On the Uber Greenlight Locations (GLs) we help new partners get on the road for the first time, build engagement with the platform over time, and serve as a logistics hub for the city.  In the GLs we strive, besides providing the best experience, to maximising the performance of the GLs (40+ people), raising the bar for our customer obsession. To accomplish this, you'll implement standard operating procedures for onboarding and engagement, and you’ll lead the team to innovate tomorrow’s new best practices. 
  
 On the Community Operations side, you and your team will be responsible to build, operate, scale and improve Community Operations in Egypt. This role comes with a heavy focus on solving problems through data analytics and leading teams to deliver stellar outcomes. There is a large focus on continuous process improvement, on both the support and product side, while advocating passionately on behalf of our community to influence the overall customer experience. The role combines all these facets as well as managing stakeholder relationships across the broader business to set the right expectations and deliver handsomely on them. All of this in one of the most dynamic and fastest growing markets in the world. 
 Your leadership will instill inspiration and confidence throughout the team and GLs in your territory, manage stakeholders, bring the two teams together while being an advocate of our customers and bringing groups throughout the region together as a single team focused on building a successful advantage by growing and strengthening our customer obsession.
 Who you are
  
 A skilled leader. As a manager overseeing a substantial management team, you'll have tremendous impact on the overall culture. You are passionate about guiding and developing teams to perform at the highest levels while maintaining an enjoyable and passionate atmosphere.
 A lover of process and optimization. You will be completely transforming customer interactions for the Uber community. You're excited about the opportunity to create and experiment with processes and modalities, and are willing and able to lead others utilizing them.
 A good communicated and stakeholder manager, you are able to strike the right tone and are a great stakeholder manager across the business both locally as international
 Data-driven and analytical in mindset. You can look at any spreadsheet and know the right questions to ask to get to actionable outcomes, and you know how to explain data in a digestible way.
 Incredibly empathetic and understanding of both riders and driver partners situations alike. You will be an excellent advocate for Uber's users within the business and are passionate about improving the customer experience.
 Collected and calm under pressure. You have superb organizational skills, integrity, and great follow-through on tasks.
 Open and curious. You love learning how things work and you're always looking for ways to innovate. You enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results.
  
 What You’ll Do
  
 Integrate the GLH and Comm-Ops organisations and processes into one structured and organisation 
 You'll be tasked with scaling support in an innovative way at a company that's growing at an amazing speed and changing constantly. You're prepared to:
  
 Lead a large team of GL and Comm-Ops, and forefront support representatives to provide world-class support to our community of users.
 Be a key strategic voice in helping build one of Uber’s biggest market
 Transform our current systems and interactions into something that drives immense value and insights for the company
 Dive deep into the numbers and make data-driven process improvements along the line
  
 Be a passionate advocate for all riders and driver partners and answer any questions that come your way in a high stress, fast moving environment.
 Owning the success metrics for supply growth and operational SLAs, business targets, and financial performance of Comm-Ops and GLs throughout the region
 Collecting and reporting on regional performance data, with a particular emphasis on trend identification and actionable insights
 Working with General Managers, City Teams, Regional Teams, Facilities, and other stakeholders to manage headcount, budget and space planning
 Maintain consistency of operational efficiency and customer experience through every channel (in-person, in-app, phone etc.) and at every Greenlight Location in your region
  
 What You’ll Need
  
 Minimum 10 years of Operational leadership experience. This must include experience in managing large teams with overall ownership preferred in a (large international) company.
  
 Proven track record of excellent people management experience with demonstrated ability to effectively manage, set team goals, develop people to their highest levels of performance, and guide your teams through challenging managerial situations.
  
 Leading by example with experience empowering a team to execute under pressure and tight deadlines
 Prior professional experience with optimization, processes, systematic organization, program/project management. Lean six sigma preferred
 High Emotional IQ to expertly manage relationships with partners, influencers, and co-workers
 Data-driven decision mentality and sound business judgment through strong analytical thinking
 Strong planning and organizational skills; attention to detail
 Fluency in English and Arabic required
 MBA or engineering graduate degree from a top school preferred
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
