Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Social Intelligence Analyst - University Grad
 Corporate, University in San Francisco, CA
 Apply Now
 About Uber 
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 Social Intelligence Analyst
  
 As a an Analyst on the Social Intelligence team, it is your responsibility to elevate the consumer’s voice to HQ and regional teams around the world to position our business for success across marketing, product, partnerships and overall operations.
  
 You have a strong desire to surface consumer conversation and put it into action. You come ready to elevate social intelligence reporting at Uber and you understand user behavior and trends across social media platforms.
  
 We are seeking candidates who would be available to start in January 2018.
  
 What You’ll Do
  
 Work cross-functionally with teams at HQ to develop consumer insights to help pre- and post rollout of campaigns, products and events.
 Work with Marketing Managers globally on social and digital listening utilization.
 Report on earned media analysis to the Insights team on a regular basis to surface changes in conversation around our brand.
 Become a power user of social listening tools and gain experience working well with vendors and third party partners.
 Understand the current reporting process and work out ways to optimize and enhance regular campaign report deliverables
 Develop visualizations in Excel, PowerPoint and Google Slides to illustrate media data
 Share out reports utilizing advanced text analytics solutions and automated sentiment for earned and owned media.
 Analyze and interpret information from multiple data sources
 Partner across teams at Uber to think outside the box on how social listening can help fuel business impact. 
  
 What You’ll Need
  
 1-2 years of digital marketing, or social media experience
 Solid understanding of emerging advertising trends
 Eager to bridge the gap between social intelligence and traditional market research
 Excellent verbal, written, presentation, and interpersonal communication skills
 Strong organizational skills
 Evaluate and provide a POV on new and existing tools
 Exceptional data interpretation skills, with strong attention to detail, writing, and visual representation.
 A proven ability to produce deliverables and field inbound requests in a timely manner
  
 Bonus Points If
  
 Strong analytical skills for measuring/tracking success and KPIs.
 Experience with Brandwatch, and/or similar listening tools like Crimson Hexagon. Facebook Ads Manager, Facebook Insights
  
 About the Team
  
 The Market and Consumer Research team shapes the marketing and business direction of Uber by providing data-driven answers to the company’s most important questions.  Composed of researchers, data scientists, and engineers, our team makes an impact across Uber by uncovering rich, deep insights that inform the marketing and creative process using brand, position, message, and segmentation research tools. Our team is customer obsessed, action-oriented and sparks creativity. We produce the highest-quality insights while pioneering innovative research techniques.
  
 Collecting data, and interpreting trends and patterns from that data, is core to how we make decisions at Uber. It's important that we not limit data analysis to owned metrics. We look to third parties to understand how the world is talking about our company across online media (news, blogs, forums, and social media) so that we can improve our campaigns, products, marketing and business operations.
  
 PERKS
 Receive credits and discounts towards Uber rides every month
 Paid company cell phone or monthly reimbursement
 Monthly reimbursement of gym activities
 Provided breakfast, lunch and dinner along with unlimited snacks and drinks
 The rare opportunity to change the world such that everyone around you is using the product you built
 Sharp, motivated co-workers in a fun office environment
  
 BENEFITS (U.S.)
 Full medical/dental/vision package to fit your needs
 401(k) savings plan
 Paid company holidays
 Unlimited vacation policy
  
 Uber is an equal opportunity employer and enthusiastically encourages people from a wide variety of backgrounds and experiences to apply. We don’t discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), gender, national origin, citizenship, age, mental or physical disability, veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or any other basis prohibited by law.
  
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
