Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Business Analyst, UberEATS: Fraud, Compliance & Arrears Management
 City Operations, Operations & Launch in Gurgaon, India
 Apply Now
 About Uber:
  
 Uber is a technology company that is changing the way the world thinks about transportation. We are building technology people use everyday. Whether it's heading home from work, getting a meal delivered from a favorite restaurant, or a way to earn extra income, Uber is becoming part of the fabric of daily life.
  
 We're making cities safer, smarter, and more connected. And we're doing it at a global scale-energizing local economies and bringing opportunity to millions of people around the world.
  
 Uber's positive impact is tangible in the communities we operate in, and that drives us to keep moving forward.
 About the Role:
  
 Are you passionate about high-growth companies and have strong data analysis and SQL skills? Are you an energetic team player that is comfortable wearing many hats? Do you have a passion for unearthing and rethinking processes through rigorous quantitative analysis? Data drives the core of Uber’s operations, and we have a challenge for you.
  
 We are looking for a Business Analyst on Fraud, Compliance and Arrears Management on the UberEATS team to streamline risk and arrears management operations across India.
  
  You develop deep knowledge in creating and driving projects / processes from start to end and should be able to wear multiple hats. You will need to be able to identify an issue, back your hypothesis with data, experiment in a few cities and then scale highly optimized processes while also taking into account the cultural and operational differences across India.
  
 You will be responsible for driving analysis, developing tracking / dashboards and building processes to ensure seamless operations across India while working closely with our Ops, Product, Engineering and Legal teams. You will also be responsible for streamlining and managing Fraud & Compliance processes across the region, supporting city teams with their investigations, analyses, experiments and processes.
  
 The role involves working closely with City Ops, Product, Legal, Tax, HQ/Regional Ops, and CommOps teams to improve and roll out regional initiatives.
  
 What You'll do:
  
 Compliance strategy. Build and execute the process to ensure internal ops processes comply with legal and regulatory expectations. Proactively develop new KPIs/metrics to identify trends in all the cities UberEATS operates in across India
 Analytics. Analysis of risk and fraud patterns to mitigate fraud loss. Build the long-term models to calibrate accuracy as the EATS business evolves
 Collaboration. Work cross functionally and with our regional operations team. Be responsible for city and regional KPIs and develop the risk and arrears management gold standards to apply to other cities around the world
 Execution. We need you to be hands-on and hustle on daily operations. Write queries and perform ad hoc data analysis to keep the nerve center of our operations engine running at full speed. Create, improve, and automate reporting methods
  
 What You'll Need:
  
 2+ years of work experience developing a best-in-class understanding of databases, data relationships and data integrity
 BS/Masters in Engineering, Maths, Physics, CS, Statistics, Economics or another quantitative field
 Expert SQL experience required
 Development experience in at least one scripting language a plus (Python preferred)
 Self-starter attitude and ability to exercise judgment and solve difficult problems without direct supervision
 Excellent prioritization skills and ability to juggle many responsibilities at once, adept at weighing importance of quick wins vs. long-term progress
 Demonstrated experience interpreting and presenting data to various audiences; ability to translate quantitative findings into actionable plans
 A preference for quality over quantity - you get the math right and aspire to build the right solution; you appreciate being part of a team that holds each other to a high bar
  
 Bottom Line:
  
 You have to be ready to hustle! You must be ready and excited to learn on your feet, bring a fresh perspective to the team, and help build a growing business
  
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
