Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Project Analyst
 Community Operations, Global Community Operations in Sao Paulo, Brazil
 Apply Now
 About Uber 
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 About the Role
  
 At Uber, support is more than just answering questions. It’s about using the information customers give us as insights to help Uber grow. Moreover, providing amazing support that establishes trust within our community—riders, driver partners, UberEATS customers and delivery partners—is at the centre of the Uber customer experience. We’re obsessed about providing the highest quality service, in the smartest way. And for Uber to continue its growth and success, we need to be able to not only improve but also scale our fast-growing support operations.
  
 We’re looking for a Content Manager to get involved in building, operating, scaling and improving Community Operations for Brazil. Based at São Paulo, this role comes with a focus on how we manage both external and internal content, such as the user interface of and information presented in Uber’s app, as well as team training resources and knowledge base used by hundreds of agents every day to solve our customer’s problems. In addition this role will advocate passionately on behalf of our customers to influence the overall user experience.
  
 An ace problem solver.
  You embrace challenges, and would stop at nothing to create solutions--whether they’re hacky, short-term workarounds, or more long-term process changes.
 A brilliant communicator.
  You’re eloquent and able to strike the perfect tone, whether you’re explaining a new policy to riders in writing, or explaining the recommendations of a data-driven study you conducted to global stakeholders through a video conference.
 Incredibly empathetic and understanding of both riders and driver partners alike.
  You will be a powerful advocate for Uber’s customers and are obsessed with the community experience.
 Naturally curious.
  You love learning how things work and you’re always looking for ways to innovate. You enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results.
 A lover of process and optimisation.
  You will be revolutionising support for the Uber community. You’re excited about the opportunity to create and experiment with support processes, and are willing and able to lead others in iterating and executing them.
 Data-driven and analytical in mindset.
  You can look at any spreadsheet and know the right questions to ask to get to actionable outcomes, and you know how to explain data in a compelling way.
 Get stuff done.
  You have superior organisational skills, integrity, and great follow-through on tasks.
 What You'll do:
  
 Develop our content strategy across all modalities and channels of support--mobile, web, electronic, phone and chat; ensure we deliver outstanding support outcomes in whatever manner our users contact us, especially with respect to quality of the information presented to users
 Collaborate with other teams to iterate and experiment with process and content (language, tone, format, etc.) to strive for the highest possible level of quality in a way that balances the dual needs of global consistency and local touch.
 Develop new processes and content; work closely with other members of the Community Operations team in LATAM as the business continues to scale; ensure our content is ready for new product launches, product updates, and changes in support policies
 Lead the execution of content across a wide variety of platforms - internal knowledge bases, external facing customer resources, and pre-loaded agent responses, to name a few.
 Partner with the global training team to commission line of business-specific training courses and curricula, communicating often to align on goals and expectations.
 Determine the definition of success for various processes and forms of content; track performance and share best practices throughout the organization while iterating as needed.
  
 What You'll need:
  
 Proven relevant experience: whether it be in a start up, bank, consultancy, or corporate, you are someone who loves driving change in a fast-paced environment
 Bachelor’s degree minimum; degree in a related field or graduate degree would be a plus
 Exceptional writing and verbal communication skills.
 Highly organised, process-oriented and deadline driven.
 Prior professional experience in content/knowledge management, optimisation and process improvements, systematic organisation, program/project management; experience working in a support organisation or for organisations known for stellar support outcomes is a plus but not necessary
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
