Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Search open roles
 Back
 Apply Now
 Software Engineer - Internship/Co-Op
 Engineering, University in San Francisco, CA
 About Uber
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 500 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 As a software engineer intern/co-op, you'll have a direct impact on the customer experience for riders, drivers, eaters, restaurant and business owners, truck drivers, and cities alike. 
 Do you like our services and want to bring them to the
  next
  level? Do you have a beef with our app and want to fix it? Then you should apply to join our team. We are passionate, engaged and excited about cracking the code on urban mobility.
  
 What You'll Do
  
 Fast learner. 
 We’re looking for software engineer interns/co-ops who thrive on learning new techno
 logies.  You ask thoughtful questions to ensure you are solving the right problems.  You should be able to adapt easily to meet the needs of our massive growth and rapidly evolving business environment. You are comfortable with at least one scripting language (e.g. Python or JavaScript) and have an
  eagerness to learn more: MySQL, PostgreSQL, Redis, Kafka, and ElasticSearch.  You develop proficiency in coding standards, tools, estimation skills and best practices to build the foundation for future success.
 Fearlessness.
   You are bold, decisive, courageous, and results-oriented.  You challenge assumptions while being open-minded to seek out the best answers.
 Versatility.
  You are willing to work across tech stacks (front-end, back-end, mobile) and different teams to get results.
 Ownership. 
  You feel ownership over everything you ship.  You proactively fix out of date code, happily debug, and provide timely code reviews.  You proactively communicate your progress to stakeholders and ensure timely project delivery.
 A team player.
  You believe that you can achieve more on a team — that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. You do things that benefit your peers and seek to continuously improve. You solicit feedback from senior members of your team on code reviews and design documents, while providing constructive comments and relevant feedback.
 Design and business acumen.
  You understand requirements beyond the written word. Whether you’re working on an API used by other developers, an internal tool consumed by our operation teams, or a feature used by millions of customers, your attention to details leads to a delightful user experience.
  
 What You'll Need
  
 Actively pursuing a Bachelors, Masters or PhD in Computer Science, Engineering or a related technical discipline with at least one remaining semester of school left after completion of the internship.
 Demonstrated software engineering experience through previous internships, work experience, coding competitions, and/or publications.
  
 We're bringing Uber to every major city in the world. We need your skills and passion to help make it happen! Be sure to check out the Uber Engineering 
 Blog
  to learn more about the team.
  
 #UnivRecruiting
  #UnivIntern
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 Get the app
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
