Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Creative Art Director - EMEA
 Design in Amsterdam, Netherlands
 Apply Now
 About Uber 
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 About the Role
 We are looking for Art Directors with creative flair who can lead projects from concept to amazing executions. The role is hands on for design and working closely with others to bring the creative vision of Uber to life. You’ll work among other extraordinarily talented creatives in a fast-paced, rapidly growing, highly collaborative environment. From product launches to marketing campaigns, you will have the opportunity to shape the EMEA Uber brand.
  
 We are deeply user-centric and believe we can innovate our way past any roadblock. The challenges we take on require thorough experimentation and execution, bold ideas, obsession with pursuing excellence, fearlessness and optimism in the face of uncertainty, creative problem-solving, and tenacity in taking projects to the finish line.
 What You’ll Do
 We might be a good match if...
 Your concepts mean business.
  Whether is it a pitch or the final campaign you know the audience and how to visually connect with them. You approach every brief with fresh eyes. Avoiding familiar solutions, create and inspire work that is distinctive, effective and truly remarkable.
 You iterate quickly and respect deadlines.
  When it’s time to get locked in, you know how to move fast while still being meticulous and conscientious in your work. You know a first concept is only a starting point, so you work through multiple rounds efficiently — thinking all the way through the experience, developing a solid foundation, tinkering, collecting feedback, and refining. You do what it takes to keep projects on track while keeping messaging on target.
 You are equal parts content strategist and designer.
  Breathtaking designs and creative concepts aren’t all you care about. You’re passionate about developing sound strategy, figuring out message hierarchies, and developing user experiences that communicate exactly the right message to the right person at the right time. You don’t sacrifice clarity or simplicity to protect your own precious gems.
 You fight the good fight, and you fight fair.
  Selling your work and ideas is one of your most impressive skills. You defend your decisions and advocate for what you think is right for the business objectives and audience needs, using logic and evidence rather than opinion or emotion to make your case. You do this all with a collaborative spirit that puts the good of the team ahead of your own ego — listening closely to other viewpoints and genuinely considering all feedback, then picking your battles wisely and employing storytelling techniques to win people over.
 Your creative eye brings to life beautiful ideas.
  Art Directors play essential roles in the strategy, conception and design of beautiful ideas, products and services. Extraordinary design aesthetic and solid typography skills is what bridge the gap between brand guidelines and campaign concept.
 You’re skilled at translating features into benefits, crafting content with emotional resonance, and figuring out how to make them stick.
 You know the medium matters.
  When you concept for content, you think about how it will be consumed. You understand how desktop vs. mobile, print vs. digital, and push vs. pull affects the way people read and retain information.
 You’re skilled at visualizing the same story across multiple channels in a way that’s integrated yet
  optimized for every touch point.
 What You’ll Need
 A hands-on approach to the work
 Exceptional design aesthetic and solid typography skills
 Create and manage original, persuasive, conceptually compelling work for 360 campaigns, content and experiences
 Cultivate progressive thinking and the pushing of boundaries
 At least 3 years of international advertising or client background
 At least 6 years of experience working for top consumer brands
 A proven ability to develop a well-defined brand language
 Experience with performance marketing (preferred, but not mandatory)
 Compelling portfolio of work
 Degree in Marketing, Communications, Design or related field
 Please include your portfolio in your application.
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
