Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Visual Designer, UberEATS - EMEA
 Design in Amsterdam, Netherlands
 Apply Now
 UberEATS delivers the best of your city right when you want it. Our curated menus feature dishes from the local spots you love and the ones you've always wanted to try. It's the same cashless payment as an Uber ride. So just tap the app, get your food delivered right to your doorstep and enjoy!
  
 With over 100 cities and 28 countries, UberEATS has rapidly become a massive growth opportunity within Uber. In EMEA, UberEATS is already in 12 countries and 40+ cities and is looking to further expand its footprint in the region. 
  
 On the UberEATS team, we’re on a mission to make eating well effortless for everyone, everywhere. UberEATS is looking for designers experienced in print, digital marketing and advertising to join our EMEA team. Come shape the EATS brand and invent innovative ways to introduce UberEATS to the world. The right candidates will be excellent communicators, comfortable in a high-velocity environment, and passionate about campaigns and brand building. This position is full-time and based in Amsterdam.
  
 We might be a good match if...
  
 You believe in craftsmanship and create elegant and compelling designs
 Your portfolio is eye-wateringly beautiful. You have deep knowledge of designing across multiple channels while keeping the visuals on brand. Your standards are very high, and you constantly strive to elevate your abilities.
  
 Are comfortable to work in a high pace environment
 Speed, resourcefulness, and go-getter attitude. You are a self starter and able to lean in when necessary to push a project over the finish line. You come up with creative solutions to completing projects in less-than-ideal situations. A lack of resources doesn't stop you. You enjoy the opportunity of finding ways to get it done.
  
 You love working in a larger team
 Be a source of inspiration and partnership for the team; collaborate with other designers, producers, engineers, marketers, and others to shepherd the brand forward, and mentor the process.
  
 Details matter to you
 Passion about quality; you have pixel-perfect attention to detail, explore and push to find the best solution, and are passionate about the pursuit of exciting and new creative work. We are looking for someone with a solid knowledge of design fundamentals who also has a passion for process, efficiency and productivity. The ideal candidate possesses strong graphic design and technical skills as well as superb organizational practices.
 What You’ll Do
  You will play a critical role in helping find the best available options to execute campaigns across a variety of marketing channels; such as social media, out of home, as well as traditional online digital ads. Your job is to ensure that quality and brand standards are maintained throughout the entire creative process. You will work closely with other designers and copywriters. Creating design files across multiple sizes and formats, and delivering all of the final assets for trafficking. Creating documentation to help define and improve these processes will also be part of your job function.
 Communicating effectively with copywriters, project and marketing managers on your team will be crucial to your success. You should have a clear understanding of scale & proportion and how this translates across different sized ad units. 
 A large part of the role will also involve working closely with our translations guides to create localized versions for non-english speaking countries. At times this requires working with stakeholders in regions to execute on a given campaign.
  
 What You'll Need:
 Experience; A portfolio showcasing at least 3 years of relevant experience designing for a wide range of projects, including brand systems and branded executions (web, print, product, packaging)
 A highly collaborative working style
 Organization skills; you can effectively manage your time and prioritize your work
 Knowledge of Adobe Creative Suite - Photoshop, Illustrator and InDesign (After Effects is a plus)
 ​Experience with Adobe Creative Cloud Libraries
 Deep knowledge of different export file types and file optimization
 Experience with automation software and workflows
 Awareness of typographic best practices, including non-english alphabets
 Digital animation experience a plus
 Experience with language localization process for multiple countries a plus
 ​Familiarity with Google Docs
 Experience with Box or similar cloud based storage platforms
  
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
