Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Content Strategist and Copywriter, Uber Eats
 Design in New York City, NY
 Apply Now
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 Content Strategist and Copywriter, Uber Eats
 On the Uber Eats team, we’re on a mission to make eating well effortless for everyone, everywhere. As a content strategist and copywriter on Uber Eats, you’ll focus on solutions for consumers, drivers, and restaurants, and you’ll generate new ideas that transform how people eat. But you won’t be at it alone. You’ll collaborate with engineers, product managers, designers, researchers, and some of the world’s best copywriters and content strategists in a fast-paced, rapidly growing environment—to make magical experiences for people around the world.
 We’re hiring at all levels to help us build out our premier product design team. Uber has already made more than 310 cities around the world better places to live and work by providing superior transportation choices and greater economic opportunity, but this is just the beginning. We’re looking for superb copywriting and content strategists to craft the in-app messaging that help will help our products and brand reach the next level.
  
 The details matter to you
 You know every word is important, and that great copy demands great care. You are just as committed to crafting impressive error messages and navigation labels as you are to brainstorming new features and big creative concepts. You understand the nuances of tone, voice, syntax, systematic thinking, and structure, and you polish every line until it shines.
  
 Your writing means business
 You create communications to inform and improve user experiences, but more importantly to elicit specific actions that achieve business goals. Your approach is rooted in bottom-line thinking, using analytics to guide creative decisions and support arguments. You can use research and data to help bolster your creative decisions.
  
 You iterate quickly and respect deadlines
 When it's time to get locked in, you know how to move quickly while still being meticulous and conscientious in your work. You work through multiple rounds efficiently. And you think all the way through the experience, developing a solid foundation, tinkering, collecting feedback, and refining. You are committed to keeping projects on track while keeping messaging on target.
  
 You dig deep and go broad
 Exploration is inherent in your process. You devour research to become a subject matter expert, then you come up with a range of concepts for every initiative. You think through all the strengths and weaknesses of a communication strategy, and have thoughtful answers to every question. If you're presenting five options for a messaging strategy, headline, or microinteraction, you write fifty.
  
 You're equal parts content strategist and copywriter
 Clever phrases and creative concepts aren't all you care about. You’re passionate about developing sound strategies, determining messaging hierarchies, and developing user experiences that communicate exactly the right notion to the right person at the right time. 
  
 You present your work with confidence
 Selling your ideas is one of your most impressive skills. You defend what you think is right for the business goals and audience needs, relying on logic and evidence rather than opinion or emotion. With a collaborative spirit that puts the good of the team ahead of your own ego, you listen closely to other viewpoints and consider all feedback. And you use your point of view and the opinions of others to develop narratives that convince people of why you believe in your decisions.
  
 You're skilled in product and UX/UI content
 The way you've wielded language for product experiences has made them more intuitive, useful, and delightful. You've created great user-focused nomenclature for navigation systems, clear headings and CTAs that simplify task flows, and memorable microcopy that gets tweeted about. You've weathered release cycles and can share several shining examples of real work you've shipped, describing what you learned along the way.
  
 You know the medium matters
 When you write content, you think about how it will be consumed. You understand how desktop vs. mobile, print vs. digital, and push vs. pull affects the way people read and retain information. You're skilled at telling the same story across multiple channels in a way that's integrated, yet optimized for every touchpoint.
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
