Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Partnership Manager - Middle East
 Local Marketing, Marketing in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia
 Apply Now
 About Uber 
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 About the Role
  
 Uber is a Series E venture-funded startup headquartered in San Francisco, California. We are a global mobility and logistics technology platform: our flagship service allows users to request quality, on- demand rides with a touch of their smartphone but we are rapidly developing new products. We are present in over 470+ cities worldwide, including over 80+ cities in EMEA with plans to rapidly expand in the region.
 Our technology allows us to move the physical world: We believe that, through innovation and entrepreneurship, we can have a meaningful impact on cities around the world. This is a unique opportunity to be a key member of the Middle East team. With this role, you’ll have the opportunity to join a dynamic team with an ability to make a big impact across the region. 
 You’ll be on the frontlines of representing Uber to external partners through thinking of creative marketing efforts and barter deals that move the needle. The right candidate will have a passion for Uber, will have extensive experience in the Middle East and will develop a global strategy for how we market Uber to large corporations across different industries.  
 WHAT YOU’LL DO: 
 Identify high-level objectives and assess what key partnerships can help achieve each 
 Create strategic partnerships and identify new areas of opportunities (aligned with the identified objectives) that help grow the bottom line (ie. Increase acquisition, propel brand image, build rider loyalty) 
  Establish and build long-term relationships with key organizations that Uber can potentially execute strategic & exclusive initiatives with 
 Manage partnerships in Saudi Arabia while liaising with internal key stakeholders depending on the nature of the deal (ie. Marketing, Product, Engineering, Comms, Legal etc.)  
 Leverage on and stay up to date with the technology’s latest product features by constantly working closely with the global partnerships team to identify innovative approaches and solutions for partnerships  
 Work closely with the Analytics team to gain a better understanding of rider behavior, to formulate relevant mechanics of a deal, and to assess post-partnerships results  
 Align with city teams to ensure that the mechanics discussed with the partner is in line with Uber’s overall objective in the respective city  
 Coordinate with the Business Development team to set a mutual goal for partnerships while ensuring it is in line with Uber’s Marketing direction  
 Work creatively with teams from other regions to develop and circulate scalable best practices and playbooks that will be the foundation of this growing team for long-term sustained success  
 Handle a high volume of engagements in a fast paced environment 
 Report to the regional head of marketing  
  
 WHAT YOU’LL NEED:  
 5+ years of business development, project management, or partnerships experience in the region  
 Experience with establishing, maintaining and leveraging relationships at partner companies  
 Ability to fuse business, strategy, analytical concepts to lead complex, multi- faceted deals  
 Deep experience and creative thinking while working with a-level corporations such as mobile carriers, banks, tech companies, retail and venues   
 Strong verbal and written communications skills are a must, as well as leadership skills  
 Demonstrated ability to work effectively across internal and external organizations  
 Extremely proactive, organized and responsible  
 Experience in Saudi Arabia required  
 Languages: English & Arabic required. You have to be ready to hustle! You must be ready and excited to get your hands dirty and help build a growing business.  
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
