Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Head of Creative - APACx
 Central Marketing, Marketing in Singapore, Singapore
 Apply Now
 About Uber 
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 We’re looking for a world class business leader and creative thinker to lead Uber’s creative team for Asia, to play a leading role in defining and shaping the Uber brand across Asia through the delivery of innovative and creative campaigns.
  
 The Head of Creative will lead the internal creative team - a group of talented creatives, designers and copywriters to design, create and deliver creative and campaigns across the region for both Uber and UberEATs. They will partner closely with the brand and media teams, external creative agencies and Uber country teams across the region to define, plan and execute campaigns that build resonance and affinity with consumers across the region.
  
 Ideally you are someone with a proven track record of leading agency and creative teams to deliver successful campaigns for large brands and clients. You are able to break down business problems to inspire strong creative thinking. You love people and have a passion for developing and shaping high performing teams. 
  
 You understand the changing nature of the consumer landscape, you think holistically through problems and understand how the online and offline world come together to create a true holistic experience.
 What You’ll Do
  
 Lead the creative team in APAC - which includes the management of creative talent within the team and managing workflow and resource to deliver campaigns and creative projects.
 Partner and collaborate with the brand team, local country teams and external agencies to execute campaigns across Asia.
 Be the conduit between operations, marketing and creative - translating business and consumer insights into briefs and thinking that inspires powerful creative.
 Ability to develop, lead and inspire a multidisciplinary experience creative team, encompassing: visual design, copy, activations, events  and campaigns
 Work closely with brand, research and strategy and help refine and push insights to produce better briefs and creative thinking.
 Resource and guide concepting, design development and production from planning through delivery; steer the creative throughout process.
 Mentor and lead staff to maintain consistent creative quality and timely delivery of campaigns and creative work.
  
 What You’ll Need
  
 Minimum of 10 years of experience.
 Senior level experience leading teams and campaigns at advertising agencies and working with large brands.  Experience in client management, strategic planning and/or producing large scale campaigns preferred.
 A track record of shaping, planning and executing  successful campaigns and telling powerful stories.
 Ability to develop and lead  a multidisciplinary experience team, encompassing: visual design, copy, interaction design, and advertising campaigns.
 Strong knowledge of mobile, digital media and  production
 Excellent ability to pitch and manage executive leaders and sell through ideas from concept through execution
 Keen ability to navigate originating ideas/brand experiences
 Flair and brand ownership - setting a clear creative quality bar, tone of voice and brand personality.
 Proven leadership skills with experience guiding teams.  You must be able to manage and inspire a team of young creatives whether it’s a launch campaign or a digital banner.
 Experience in leadership and in inspiring others. Emotionally intelligent with a deep interest in managing young talent..
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
