Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Head of CRM
 Central Marketing, Marketing in San Francisco, CA
 Apply Now
 Head of CRM Marketing
  
 Job Description
 San Francisco, CA
  
 ---
 The Company:
 Uber is a technology company that is changing the way the world thinks about transportation. We are building technology people use everyday. Whether it's heading home from work, getting a meal delivered from a favorite restaurant, or a way to earn extra income, Uber is becoming part of the fabric of daily life.
 We're making cities safer, smarter, and more connected. And we're doing it at a global scale-energizing local economies and bringing opportunity to millions of people around the world.
  
 Uber's positive impact is tangible in the communities we operate in, and that drives us to keep moving forward
  
 ---
 The Role:
  
 The Head of CRM will play a critical role in running and optimizing cross-channel acquisition and engagement programs that span our marketing channels, with the objective of growing customer acquisition, retention and usage of Uber’s products across the United States and Canada. 
  
 She/he will be the main connection point between US/CA  executive leadership and the company’s millions of customers, touching both riders and drivers across North America.. S/he will develop and lead Uber’s digital communications strategy across email, SMS, push notifications, in app messaging and more - managing a team of highly effective marketers. Working cross functionally with design, analytics, product, research, and engineering, she/he will define the technology, messaging, strategy, and data models needed for Uber to meet aggressive growth targets.
  
 Based in San Francisco, CA, the Head of CRM will report to Kellyn Kenny, VP of Marketing, and be a crucial component of US/CA Marketing leadership team. The successful candidate will be an experienced digital marketing leader who will lead a CRM organization that brings the magic of Uber to every customer touchpoint.
 ---
 What You’ll Do:
 Develop and build a world class global CRM organization that can scale
 Streamline company-wide communication to customers
 Implement measures to have proactive two-way conversations with consumers
 Drive the direction of customer segmentation, targeting, and reporting to inform the development of the lifecycle program
 Agile planning and prioritization to balance local and national needs, efficiency, quality and results
 Ability to reinvent and adapt to changing demands and pressures within a complex organization with aggressive goals
 Develop an effective way to maintain constant visibility and transparency into the plans and progress of your team
 Find creative solutions to help the team overcome roadblocks despite limited data, tools and resources
 Build strong, healthy relationships within and across the teams
 Drive analytics and reporting to identify opportunities and manage performance
 Emphasis on collaboration outside of marketing to define strategies and deliver on the role of Programs/Campaigns.
 Coach and develop a team to maintain high morale and drive business results
 ---
 Successful Candidates Will Bring:
 The ideal candidate will be a visionary digital marketing communications leader with experience building a best-in-class CRM organization at scale. S/he will have the talent, energy and passion to effectively tell Uber’s story to both riders and drivers. The Head of CRM will be an exceptional people manager who can scale and manage a large organization. A diplomatic and effective influencer, the ideal candidate will build strong relationships across the organization as well as externally.
 Be a visionary leader with experience building out a CRM organization from the ground up
 Be a self-starter with the ability to excel with little to no direction
 Have the ability to create something from nothing, identify a game plan, get results and embrace ambiguity along the way
 Understand the competitive marketplace of on-demand services on a global level
 Have an entrepreneurial spirit, thriving in a fast-paced, high growth environment
 Be emotionally resilient in fast paced, high profile and ever changing situations
 Have strong leadership skills and a team-oriented approach
 Have the ability to roll-up sleeves and lead by example at both strategic and tactical levels
 Be fluent in CRM technology and have shown the ability to implement it at scale
  
 ---
 Benefits 
 401(k) plan, gym reimbursement, nine paid company holidays.
 Full medical/dental/vision package to fit your needs.
 Unlimited vacation policy; take time when you need it.
  
 Perks
  
 Employees are given Uber credits every month.
 The rare opportunity to change the way the world moves. We're not just another social web app, we're moving real people and assets and reinventing transportation and logistics globally.
 Smart, engaged co-workers.
 Uber is an equal opportunity employer and enthusiastically encourages people from a wide variety of backgrounds and experiences to apply. Uber does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), gender, national origin, citizenship, age, mental or physical disability, veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or any other basis prohibited by law.
  
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
