Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Product Manager - Global Intelligence
 Product Management, Product in San Francisco, CA
 Apply Now
 About Uber 
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 About the Role:
  
 We're looking for a Product Manager to take Uber's Global Intelligence team to the next level. Global Intelligence produces scalable (i.e. real-time, global) data to identify insights and make strategic recommendations that inform executive level decisions across Uber. We are also pioneering new ideas to integrate this data into our core products to improve the rider and driver experience. As the PM on the GI Applied Intelligence team, you will lead a team of engineers and data scientists in generating and prioritizing a roadmap of ideas that leverage GI data to improve Uber’s business performance around the world. You will work closely with both product and ops teams across the company to design and run experiments to validate the impact of these ideas. You will also empower users across Uber to leverage the data by providing dashboards and building tools that allow them to evaluate the impact of their tactics. 
  
 The role demands a deep background in product management, machine learning, and lean product methodologies; ability to operate in a highly technical and data-oriented environment; leadership skills, and the ability to do user research and work collaboratively with executive level stakeholders.
 What You'll Do:
 Internalize and deeply understand Uber’s mission and strategies, as well as how the Global Intelligence team mission and objectives factor into the company strategy
  
 Drive innovation, definition, deliverables planning (roadmap) and design of entirely new Uber products and product features to deliver against team and company goals
  
 Distill the vision and strategy for the team, generate enthusiasm across the cross-functional team 
  
 Generate and validate tactics and product ideas that maximize the business impact of the data we produce
  
 Work closely with product and ops leadership across Uber to maximize the business impact of our data and insights
  
 Be incredibly truth-seeking. Collect whatever data is necessary to inform product direction by soliciting and embracing critical feedback
  
 Challenge members of cross-functional team (engineering, data science, etc.) to think boldly and creatively and then funnel that energy into concrete products and execution plans
  
 Clearly communicate plans, insights, data and results to a spectrum of audiences including executives, other product teams, and other decision-makers across Uber - both human and machine
  
  
 What You'll Need:
 Minimum of 5 years experience in Product Management delivering highly successful and innovative products with your fingerprints all over them — and you’re extremely proud of what you’ve accomplished
  
 Deep understanding and experience with Lean Testing methodologies, experience building products from zero to first release 
  
 Experience applying Machine Learning / statistical inference technologies to a variety of complex problems
  
 Proven ability to work collaboratively with technical and non-technical team members up to and including the executive-level
  
 A "driver" personality - biased toward action, great collaborator and an excellent disambiguator/simplifier - constantly pushing toward clarity and delivery. You persevere when others give up
  
 Focused on building businesses, not features. Entrepreneurial experience building and leading businesses, including ownership and optimization of business performance metrics
  
 An undergraduate degree or equivalent in computer science or a quantitative domain plus hands-on software engineering and/or data science experience highly preferred.
  
 True passion for Uber's mission and the company's hybrid technology / operations nature.
  
 A deep desire to grow and learn.
  
  
 About the Team:
  
 The Global Intelligence team uses scalable (i.e. real-time, global) data and insights to inform decision-making across Uber - both human and machine.
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
