Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Data Scientist - Platform Development & Applied Consulting
 Data Science, Engineering in San Francisco, CA
 Apply Now
 About Uber 
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 About the Product Platforms Data Science Team
 The Product Platform Data Science Team is a collection of teams that work horizontally across Uber. That means you’ll be solving problems in all different domains, with varying datasets, and novel challenges every day. Our teams break into several categories:
  
 Platform
  
 Development:
  We work toward the construction of scalable, powerful and easy-to-use platform tools that are used by everyone at Uber. Specifically...
 Forecasting and Anomaly Detection Platform - 
 We develop cutting-edge methodologies to forecast business critical metrics over short and long horizons and to detect anomalous behavior. We also build a platform that makes our tools readily and broadly available.
 Experimentation Platform - 
 The bedrock of all testing at Uber, we design, enhance, and expand the suite of experimentation tools for teams in search of insights and learnings.
 Natural Language Processing Platforms - 
 Text and language surround Uber, so multiple teams require core DS skills as well as knowledge of NLP. These platforms are the backbone of Uber, impacting Marketplace to Marketing to Operations and every team in between.
 Communication Platform
 Customer Support
 People Products
 Semantic Platforms
  
 Applied Consulting:
  We consult and embed with internal data scientist, engineering, and operations teams to solve technically challenging problems and deliver customized solutions. 
 Applied
  
 Machine
  
 Learning
  - We are team of ML enthusiasts, who consult with Uber teams on projects across the entire company. Our team builds large-scale ML models, consults on optimal ML approaches, and prototypes new techniques and technology. We’ve pioneered Deep Learning for NLP, Computer Vision for document processing, and causality modeling to optimize incentives.
 Behavioral
  
 Science
  - The LABS team (Leveraging Applied Behavioral Science) translates theories from psychology, marketing, neuroscience, etc. into practice by collaborating with product and regional teams to guide the ideation and implementation of science-backed product development and business processes through experimentation.
  
 What you could be doing:
 The theme of Platform Development & Applied Consulting is that you get to work with other people, share their challenges, and collectively deliver better, scalable solutions. No matter the team you will...
 Join scientists, engineers and product professionals on some of the most high-impact projects in the company.
 Partner with critical program teams (i.e. Driver, Pricing, Maps) to offer them novel and ground breaking platform solutions or embed to tackle some of the most exciting data science challenges.
  
 Here is more information on the individual roles
 Forecasting and Anomaly Detection Platform - 
 Push the envelope on what can be done in the realm of time series and outlier detection, by actively researching and developing the next generation algorithms
 Implement these methodologies in a rapidly growing platform designed for broad adoption and ease of use
 Partner with experienced scientists and engineers to ensure their domain knowledge and needs are incorporated.
 Experimentation Platform - 
 Design large-scale experiments with teams to optimize our projects and strategies across the globe. You will guide the platform to ensure it serves all our data scientists.
 Advocate for data-driven decisions by partnering with both downstream product teams and upstream data modeling teams to standardize the availability of metrics and testing results
  
 Natural Language Processing Platforms - 
 Build scalable tools (i.e. dashboards, machine learning models) in R/Python to measure and monitor the effectiveness of our communications and strategies over a slew of platforms
 Identify gaps in our strategies and data collection approaches to enable us to utilize NLP techniques
 Communication
  
 Platform
  - How can you analyze and optimize the way we communicate with riders/drivers/eaters?
 Customer
  
 Support
  - How can we listen (at scale) to our users and efficiently problem solve?
 People
  
 Products
  - How can you streamline the management of internal information and improve our colleagues’ experience at Uber?
 Semantic
  
 Platforms
  - How do we automate our cities by developing tools for the hundreds of operations teams located across the world?
  
 Applied Machine Learning - 
 Set strategic vision for an evolving machine learning ecosystem. You will help us design solutions for challenges such as large scale feature engineering and storage, real-time prediction, and productionizing alternative model structures
 Learn to build and deploy a variety of ML techniques. Past examples include, using deep learning + computer vision for reading documents, semi-supervised identifying safety issues, online-learning of ETA predictions, and modeling phone-sensor data to identify fraudulent behavior
  
 Perks
 E
 mployees are given Uber credits every month.
 The rare opportunity to change the way the world moves. We're not just another social w
 eb app, we're moving real people and assets and reinventing transportation and logistics globally.
 Smart, engaged co-workers.
 Benefits
 401(k) plan, gym reimbursement, nine paid company holidays.
 Full medical/dental/vision package to fit your needs.
 Unlimited vacation policy; take time when you need it.
  
 Be sure to check out the Uber Engineering 
 Blog
  to learn more about the team.
  
 Uber is an equal opportunity employer and enthusiastically encourages people from a wide variety of backgrounds and experiences to apply. Uber does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), gender, national origin, citizenship, age, mental or physical disability, veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or any other basis prohibited by law.
  
 Here are the kinds of skills we're looking for:
 M.S.
  
 or
  
 Ph.D.
  
 degree
  in Computer Science, Statistics (preferred) or quantitative domain
 3+
  
 years
  
 work
  
 experience
  in delivering, scaling, and owning highly impactful Data Science products (models, platforms, dashboards, etc)
 Proficiency in coding languages (R or Python required; Spark, Java, or Go are nice but not required) and familiarity with data extraction tools such Hadoop and Hive
 Deep knowledge of statistical principles (i.e. confidence intervals, sampling bias, overfitting) and how they apply to your domain (forecasting, testing, ML, behavioral studies)
 A commitment to learning and a love of data. We want someone who seeks to deliver impact, but also invests in themselves and others. Likewise you should jump at the chance to get your hands dirty with data and be able to turn it into an insightful story
 Solid written and verbal communication skills, capable of explaining technical concepts to both your teammates and less-technical partners
 Collaboration-first mindset. Our teams are built on working with others so we want you to seek out areas to help, be open to critical feedback, and appreciate diversity of thought
 Some of the teams have more specialized skillsets in addition to those above:
 [Applied
  
 Machine
  
 Learning
  
 or
  
 Forecasting/Anomaly
  
 Detection]
  - Detailed understanding of the breadth and depth of machine learning. You know core concepts like the back of your hand (feature discovery/engineering, model validation, regression methods). You should also bring substantial depth in at least 1-2 ML specialities (i.e. NLP, recommender systems, time series)
 [Experimentation
  
 or
  
 Behavioral
  
 Science]
  - In depth knowledge of core experimental design (ANOVA, non-parametric testing) as well familiarity methodologies for handling nuanced cases (switchback testing, bootstrapping, longitudinal studies, causal inference).
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
