Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Regional Finance Associate, APACx
 Finance & Strategy, Finance & Accounting in Singapore, Singapore
 Apply Now
 About Uber 
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 About the Role
  
 Forecasting a hyper-growth business is hard.  Forecasting for one of the fastest growing startups ever, expanding globally across more than 600 markets, while driving optimization for evolving business models - that's a challenge for the bold and it doesn't come around often.  Doing all this alongside a team that is as driven, creative, hands-on, smart, passionate and fun-loving as you are - now we're really talking.
  
 What You’ll Do
 Business partnering - work closely with company leaders to develop financial forecasts and operational goals, apply business judgment and financial insights to assist with decision making
 City P&L planning - you will be the primary point of contact for all things finance for all cities in our region (including forecasting, goal setting and modeling support)
 Sophisticated financial modeling - build models from scratch, improve existing models, break complex models down into components that consolidate - you can do it all
 Analyze variances between actuals, forecast, and plan - use insights to iterate on forecasts and create action
 Think strategically and then execute - the models we build aid in decision making and strategy - we operationalize our insights
 Help us scale / transition from startup to enterprise.  Part of this is maturing our planning processes, part is ensuring finance best practices spread through the organization
 Work closely with accounting to provide input on management reporting needs and better understand our actuals
 Special projects and deal support - new initiatives always come up, as strengths emerge you will have the chance to contribute beyond traditional FP&A
 Innovate - we will push the boundaries beyond traditional forecasting.  Be creative, adaptive, and eager to learn new technical skillsets
 What You’ll Need
 BS/BA in Finance, Accounting, Economics, or similar
 2-4 years in Banking / Accounting / Corporate finance / operational FP&A
 Elite Excel skills - no other way to say it, you're an expert with Excel.  Best practices are second-nature, your models are efficient, scalable, and intuitive - you can handle complexity but strive for simplicity
 Ability to work with and analyze large amounts of data to draw business insights
 Hustle - hustle and passion are the lifeblood of Uber.  We move fast and deliver results because of our hustle and passion
 Excellent communication and people skills - numbers are key, but a business is built with people.  Relationship building and adept communication are assets in our fast-moving environment
 Team player - this is a highly collaborative and supportive team environment
 Self-starter - we don't have time or desire to micro-manage.  You will take initiative, be proactive, set and drive toward goals
 Strong working knowledge of financial statement analysis
 Attention to detail - balanced with swift execution.  We need to do things quickly and we need to do them well.  Balancing those can be challenging and this should be a strength of yours
 Bonus Points If
 Systems - working knowledge of enterprise-level financial planning systems
 SQL skills - the ability to self-serve, investigate and get the data we require will make you much more effective in this role
 About the Team
  
 As our company continues to expand, the Strategic Finance team is doing the same. We are building a finance team of leaders and athletes to tackle the challenges of efficiently scaling our dynamic, global business.  We want you to bring considerable skill and experience to this role, but also humility and a team-player attitude, recognizing there's always more to learn and it's more fun doing it as part of a team.
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
