Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Product Manager, Vehicle Solutions
 Product Management, Product in Bangalore, India
 Apply Now
 About us
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 500 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
  
 About the team: Vehicle Solutions
 The Vehicle Solutions team in Bangalore is responsible for two business line verticals - Rentals and Financiers which ensure supply side growth by bringing vehicles into the Uber marketplace. Additionally this team will also be involved in building vehicle owner tools. As part of this - the team has developed a platform to ingest, store and analyze telematics data (from 3rd party GPS devices, OBD2 devices and vehicle sensors) in real-time to help prevent vehicle theft, track vehicle mileage utilization, prevent multi-apping, promote standard maintenance compliance, identify unsafe driving behavior to reduce insurance costs, reduce reassignment turn time etc. The team has also built a comprehensive maintenance platform to help manage and optimize vehicle depreciation and operational costs (and thereby achieve neutral to positive net margin while offering attractive lease / rental prices to drivers).
 The Role:
 Uber’s Bangalore Center is looking to hire senior product management leaders for a our Global Vehicle Solutions charter. This key role within our Driver Products team will be pivotal in shaping Uber’s vehicle supply growth trajectory across our markets - both developed and emerging. 
 We are looking for experienced and entrepreneurial product leaders with an “owner” mindset, to help build and scale a world-class products. If you are excited about fundamentally re-imagining transportation access, impacting the lives of millions of drivers, working with and learning from a phenomenal team of product, engineering, operations, and business leaders, this is the role for you. 
 In this role you will build enterprise grade products that interfaces with some of Uber’s key vehicle partners to unlock efficiencies and unleash new vehicle supply growth opportunities for Uber; combining strategic thinking with crisp execution to deliver unique value-creating products and services for our most important emerging markets including India, Brazil, and Southeast Asia. 
 Strong PM execution skills are a given; including but not limited to creating clear roadmaps; cross-functional collaboration; relentless prioritisation; understanding the difference between experiment, MVP, and whole-product; strong communications; and experience rolling out multiple products to market at scale. The ultimate measure of success in this role will be your direct impact on the growth and health of Uber’s riders across the world. 
  
 Qualifications and Experience:
 Experience building and leading businesses in India or other relevant emerging markets, including ownership of business performance metrics.
 A technical undergraduate degree and/or equivalent work experience in a high growth company or startup. Technical understanding must go from the highest abstractions down to the metal.
 5+ years experience delivering highly successful and innovative consumer Internet products with your fingerprints all over them - you’re extremely proud of what you’ve accomplished.
 Stellar design instincts and product taste.
 A high bar across the board - from your own contributions to the people you work with to the products you work on.
 A “driver” personality - constantly pushing toward clarity and delivery while balancing the need for great collaboration.
 Grittiness. You never hesitate to roll up your sleeves and tackle something hands-on, you persevere when others fall away.
 Finger-tippiness with data: you just go get the data you need with no muss/fuss and can whip it into an insightful story with no help. You know how to leverage data to make decisions without getting stuck in analysis paralysis.
 User-centricity - examples from your past of product challenges that you powered through because you were unwilling to make your problems your users’ problems.
 Passion for Uber’s mission and the company’s hybrid technology / operations nature.
 A never-ending desire to grow and learn.
  
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
