Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 CRM Content Marketing Manager - Seoul, Uber
 Local Marketing, Marketing in Seoul, Korea, Republic of
 Apply Now
 About us
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 500 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 ABOUT THE ROLE
  
 We are looking for a special CRM Content Marketing Manager to be based in Seoul to bring efficiency to a cross-functional marketing team. From design to data, strategy to development, you need to love to get into the weeds with problems to figure out how to break down barriers and drastically increase output. Documentation and creating fun, efficient, scalable systems are your thing. People love working with you because you make everyone’s life easier and always know the status of every project. Last but not least, you have a passion for marketing.
  
 As a member of a cross-functional Uber marketing team, the right person will be comfortable in an "all hands on deck" environment, able to operate and coordinate across multiple teams, and can thrive in a startup culture. This role is all about ensuring the executional success of the marketing team. You should bring a passion for project management and marketing.
  
 WHAT YOU'LL DO
  
 Project manage various Lifecycle projects, across multiple teams of operations teams, marketing, data analysts, designers and copywriters.
 Partner with regional teams to help define an end-to-end customer lifecycle management strategy from onboarding to engagement to reactivation, localized as relevant to meet the market needs.
 Work with local teams to define the right tones in different communication channels. Facilitate feedback from local teams around the world and ensure their feedback is captured, validated, and implemented
 Estimate work efforts, define milestones and manage resources accordingly. Track progress, understand dependencies, and communicate status to upper management and project stakeholders.
 Proactively work to remove obstacles and enable forward momentum and progress. Manage issue escalations and provide support to teams balancing contending priorities
 Ability to balance team expectations, business needs, and resources to ensure correct prioritization of cross-functional work as a project evolves
 Establish premier workflows and continuously test and measure improvements
 Ensure a rapid pace of testing and that learnings are documented, shared, and rolled out.
  
  
 WHAT YOU'LL NEED
 At least of 3-5 years experience as a program / project manager in a consumer-facing software, management consulting firm, investment bank, creative agencies, brand advertisers, or other role requiring rigorous analytical, data-driven problem solving, quantitative analysis, marketing and communicating findings to management.
 Demonstrated analytical success and the capacity for developing / understanding strategy.
 Hands-on experience project leading an initiative from start to finish. Achieves project goals while leading scope, time, quality and risk. Learns from failures as well as successes.
 Familiarity with creative process and an understanding of marketing. Enjoys working closely with marketing managers, copywriters, designers and data analysts
 Excellent organizational skills to juggle many tasks without losing sight of the highest priority items. Ability to stay focused under pressure, prioritizing and leading multiple projects simultaneously in a exciting environment
 Strong social skills and ability to influence and motivate people at all levels across a broad variety of job functions
 Ability to understand complex concepts and work across multiple functions and teams.Demonstrate initiative, persistence, ability to problem solve, and enthusiasm for learning new skills. Offer creative thinking and solutions
 Deeply detail oriented, organized, self starter and a great communicator
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills
  
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
