Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Senior Database Administrator
 Finance Technology, Finance & Accounting in San Francisco, CA
 Apply Now
 About Uber 
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 About the Role 
  
 You are passionate about using technology to solve big business problems. You are hungry to make a difference. You have created software that can scale and handle complex interchange of data and compute between multiple geographical locations. You like creating software that is robust to various kinds of network, system and state failures, without compromising the data and business applications that use it. You love tuning your software and porting existing software to different architectures. You have also worked with open source build/release/test toolchains and are familiar with multiple languages. You like to optimize your software to run with extremely light footprint, on high-demand systems, without compromising the core functionality of the systems.
 What You’ll Do
  
 Work with the DBA team to provide 24x7 coverage for financial systems availability, monitoring, issue resolution and recovery
 Work closely with FinTech engineers for code migrations, implementing new systems, services, and install any components of the oracle application tech-stack
 Monitor all production systems, respond to alerts that need immediate attention associated with security threats, storage, system overloads, etc . Identify and fix the root causes of the failures.
 Back-up, recovery, test/dev instance refresh as requested,
 Incrementally document all standard operating procedures
 Respond to queries related to financial systems from Internal Audits, Network, Safety & Security teams
 Installation, patching and upgrading of Financial Systems
 Where necessary, build automations around monitoring, migrations, auto-scaling and self-healing to ensure systems operate at high-level of availability with very little maintenance
  
 What You’ll Need
 Minimum 10 years’ experience as an Oracle E-Business Suite Application DBA including:
 Minimum 5+ years with Oracle R12.1.3
 R12 EBS Application Installation, patching and upgrading
 Experience with Exadata (Administration, patching, Tuning)
 Experience with Oracle EBS Financial Modules and helping troubleshoot forms errors, concurrent manager errors.
 Experience working in Multinode Architecture Environment with a Load Balancer.
 Experience in Linux Environments.  Should have basic Linux administration skills.
 Working knowledge of Oracle RAC and ASM
 Application cloning using rapid clone
 Application backup and recovery experience
 Oracle Backup and recovery using RMAN
 Working knowledge of Application Patching, maintenance and diagnostic utilities
 Application and database auditing
 Working knowledge in Linux Shell Scripting
 Excellent written & verbal communication skills
 Experience writing documentation
 Working knowledge of Oracle customer support, Product Support, Certification and product end of life policies.
 Experience in administering very large (30TB) Oracle data warehouse database on Exadata.
 Strong commitment to both linux, database and application security
 Oracle SQL Query Tuning
 Bonus points if you have:
  
 Demonstrated ability to work in a team environment including the ability to work collaboratively with business users, IT staff and various levels of management; including experience working in an onshore/offshore model with different time zones
 Attention to detail and strong personal organizational skills and able to work in fast, paced, high volume environment. Proven history of successful problem solving with strong sense of ownership
 Excellent Verbal and Written communication skill
 Experience with Oracle Enterprise Manager Grid Control (12c)
 Working knowledge of Oracle Performance tuning and diagnostic utilities
 Application Load balancing using HW load balancer (F5 BIG IP)
 MYSQL administration
 Tomcat installation, administration and tuning
 OCFS2
 Basic understanding of Java
 Oracle Hyperion EPM
 Basic Functional Knowledge of Oracle EBS 12.1.3 for troubleshooting purposes
  
 About the Team
  
  FinTech touches all of these growing options and complexities. The scale is global, massive, and growing.
  
 Uber platform, frameworks, and API’s – be able to handle all the new products and variations. Minimize development time for innovation.
  
 Data is our north star - use it for insights, planning, product innovation.
 Find parts of P&L (Profits and Loss reporting) meaningful for The Business.
  
 Real-time P&L; frictionless payments in over 600 cities; provide predictive tools for City General Managers;
  
 Scratch-building systems where solutions do not exist for our scale or global complexity
 Trips and payments store
 Tax calculator (others cannot globally scale)
 Invoice engine - #10M invoices weekly for riders, partners, restaurants
 Receipts
 Revenue accounting products
 Real-time P&L
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
