Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Regional Community Operations Manager- Portugal
 Community Operations, Global Community Operations in Lisbon, Portugal
 Apply Now
 About Uber 
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 At Uber, providing amazing support that establishes trust for riders and driver partners—our community—is a core feature of our product experience. We invest in it and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the smartest, most efficient way. Community Operations is pioneering how Uber manages rider and driver partner support around the globe. This role will have a heavy focus on people management, data analytics, and process continuous improvement, so those interested should be excited to demonstrate those skills and be eager to lead.
 WHO YOU ARE
  
  
 A good communicated and stakeholder manager, you are able to strike the right tone and are a great stakeholder manager across the business both locally as international.
  
 Data­ driven and analytical in mindset. You can look at any spreadsheet and know the right questions to ask to get to actionable outcomes, and you know how to explain data in a digestible way. You can manipulate an Excel sheet like nobody's business. Bonus points if you have SQL, coding, or programming experience.
  
 A lover of process and optimization.. You're excited about the opportunity to create and experiment with support processes, and are willing and able to lead others utilizing them.
  
 Incredibly empathetic and understanding of both riders and driver partners alike. You will be a powerful advocate for Uber's users and are obsessed with the community experience.
  
 Cool and calm under pressure. You have superior organizational skills, integrity, and great follow-through on tasks.
  
 Naturally curious. You love learning how things work and you're always looking for ways to innovate. You enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results.
  
 WHAT YOU'LL DO
  
 You'll be tasked with scaling support in an innovative way at a company that's growing like crazy and changing constantly. You're prepared to:
  
 Be the owner of our Community Support performance metrics:
  
 Dive deep into the performance numbers, perform gap analysis and take data­-driven actions to increase the quality and the reactivity of our Community Service.
 Ensure the interface with our engineering and operation teams to improve internal tools and user experience.
  
 Be the point of entry of the operational team and General Managers in the region to test and scale operational initiatives (sales activities, calling campaign, …)
  
 Be in charge of leading development and improvement projects for Community Support at EMEA scale:
  
 Development of new products/solutions (phone support, chat support, ...)
 Strategic projects (segmented and differentiated support)
  
 WHAT YOU’LL NEED
  
 Minimum 5 years of Operational experience that includes ideally experience in managing.
 Leading by example with experience empowering a team to execute under pressure and tight deadlines
 Prior professional experience with optimization, processes, systematic organization, program/project management.
 High Emotional IQ to expertly manage relationships with partners, influencers, and co-workers
 Data-driven decision mentality and sound business judgment through strong analytical thinking
 Strong planning and organizational skills; attention to detail
 Fluency in English and Portuguese required
 MBA or engineering graduate degree from a top school preferred
 Location will beLisbon, Portugal or Madrid, Spain. For the time being, the position is opened in both cities and choice is indifferent. However, candidates are asked to be flexible as relocation in the other city may be requested by mid-2018 depending on organizational considerations to come.
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
