Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Reporting & Compliance Senior Manager, APAC
 Tax & Treasury, Finance & Accounting in Singapore, Singapore
 Apply Now
 About Uber 
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 About the Role
  
 The Reporting Senior Manager leads reporting and compliance requirements for the region.  
  
 The role is supported by a regional team and reports to the APAC Head of Tax and Reporting.  But it requires close collaboration with HQ and other Regional Reporting and Tax leads in order to drive the successful management of the global Reporting function.  
  
 Third party vendor relationships falls within the scope of responsibilities where the Senior Manager is expected to drive continued process improvements and efficiencies with the regional global reporting and compliance partner(s). 
 What You’ll Do
 Fully understand the requirements (and changes in) USGAAP to STAT conversion for all entities in the region and ensure that local statutory books are maintained correctly each month (or quarter as required per tier).
 Review and approve all monthly adjustments to US GAAP ledger to be communicated to US GL team.
 Ensure all reporting and compliance requirements are fulfilled and deadlines are adhered to, including all registrations, statutory filings, tax returns and payments.  Resolve issues before filings become overdue.  Communicate with HQ and key stakeholders to keep everyone current.
 Engage with our compliance partner to ensure the business, operating model and processes are understood in relation to local regulations and requirements.
 Work closely with statutory auditors to ensure statutory audits are planned and effected efficiently.
 Responsible for the global compliance partner relationship, ensuring that service levels and budget are maintained. Negotiates changes to scope and service level agreements as required.
 Develop and document new ideas and processes to increase efficiency with external compliance partners.
 Lead monthly flux report and calls to HQ for consolidation. Responsible for regional flux report.
 Work with local GMs to manage new country launches and ensure registrations and all reporting and compliance requirements are met.  
 Lead the transformation of regional reporting processes to identify, implement and document improvements.   
 Work closely with the regional tax team to support tax audits and other tax initiatives/projects.
 Manage, support and empower the APAC reporting team members in their daily activities and careers in such a way that they are able to perform their tasks accurately, independently and ultimately reach their true potential.
 Stay abreast of regional reporting developments to ensure requirements, current process and reporting remains relevant.
 What You’ll Need
 Bachelor’s degree in Accounting or Finance and CPA / CA / equivalent qualification.
 10+ years professional experience, with 2+ years relevant month-end close experience.
 A strong understanding of fundamental accounting concepts, principles and tax.
 Ability to lead and manage a team/remote team, with a focus on professional development and coaching.
 A team player with a proven ability to work independently and willingness to take on challenges.
 Strong communication skills and ability to communicate key information and status to stakeholders.
 Ability to interact with all departments and levels throughout our organization.
 Excellent project and time management skills, ability to prioritize and multitask.
 Bonus Points If
 Experience with Oracle R12 or another large scale ERP is preferred.
 About the Team
  
 Our Reporting team leads reporting and compliance requirements for the region.  This involves ensuring that all statutory and compliance obligations in APAC are met with accuracy and adherence to deadlines.
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
