Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Strategic Partner Manager - SENA
 Business Development, Business & Sales in Singapore, Singapore
 Apply Now
 Perks
 Employees are given Uber credits every month.
 The rare opportunity to change the way the world moves. We're not just another social web app, we're moving real people and assets and reinventing transportation and logistics globally.
 Smart, engaged co-workers.
 Ground floor opportunity with the team; shape the strategic direction of the company.
  
 Uber is an equal opportunity employer and enthusiastically encourages people from a wide variety of backgrounds and experiences to apply. Uber does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), gender, national origin, citizenship, age, mental or physical disability, veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or any other basis prohibited by law.
 In just over five years, Uber’s proud to be delivering our service throughout 70 countries in over 500 different cities across the globe. But that’s not enough - we’re always driving new initiatives and new strategies to improve and enhance the Uber experience for our riders and our driver partners. To do this, Uber’s focused on bringing unique experiences through growing our line of partnerships across multiple verticals. And we need the right type of business-savvy partner manager to help make this a reality. We’re building a small and nimble global team that will be inspired by both innovation and strategy, and at our core it’s always about building these key relationships.
  
 What you'll do
 Read between the lines. You’ll be working with deal makers and various teams such as product, marketing, operations, legal, finance etc. to drive contracts to closure, and then execute deals and manage these key strategic relationships to provide maximum value for both Uber and its partners.
 Support the evolution of the long-term partnership vision by creating and playbooking new ways to add to existing partnerships and to kick off new product initiatives. You’ll be making those not so obvious connections that drive innovative products and initiatives to grow our business
 Handle the big picture, and the tiny details. You’re organized and always on top of your deadlines to ensure nothing gets missed. You also have an eye to the big picture and flourish by creating new ways to add to existing partnerships. You’ll be making those not so obvious connections that drive innovative products and initiatives to grow our business.
 Bring your analytical A-game. You’ll be building business models, performing analysis with Business Strategy and Operations team to understand trends, provide actionable insights, and track productivity and success of initiatives to ensure we’re driving toward the best possible outcome.
 Drive initiatives. You will drive and support key initiatives across our business teams to grow strategic and long term opportunities with our various partners. This involves wearing many hats and jumping in to help your teammates when the needs arise.
 What you'll need
 7 - 10 years of professional experience with a minimum of 2 years in partner/account management and/or business development.
 Proficiency in English required, secondary South-East Asian language strongly preferred.
 Instinct for handling partners. You have a consistent track record of successfully handling complex partnerships that are strategically important and you’ve helped cultivate new initiatives from these relationships. You have a sixth sense when it comes to partnerships and can effortlessly navigate multiple partner engagements simultaneously.
 High throughput. Your strong bias towards action helped you earn the reputation of someone who gets things done. You love having a lot on your plate and get energy from being busy.
 An intuition for people. You’re spending the majority of the time working with various internal and external teams, building and really cultivating new relationships with potential and existing partners and within all parts of an organization.
 The athlete’s mentality. You’re an all around player, flexing and stretching your analytical prowess, pitching in as needed but also knowing when to take control and lead a conversation be it with an engineer, a product manager, or a C-level executive.
 Product sense. You know what makes a product experience not just good, but amazing. You lead cross functional teams to create partner integrations that delight users and drive measurable impact.
 International experience and a willingness to travel. You understand the challenges working in a fragmented market like the South East Asia and North Asia (SENA) and how to scale a partnership across multiple regions. You are comfortable handling projects which span multiple markets and require working with several remote teams. You can relay the requirements of a region back to product and business teams sitting in HQ.
 Hustle is your middle name. This team moves fast and always operates in new spaces. You pick up things fast and run with them. If you need a ton of hand holding, this isn’t the job for you.
 Preferred
 Experience in technical program management or product management
 Experience working for a technology company
 MBA from a top university is a plus
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
