Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Airspace Systems - Senior Software Engineer - Uber Elevate
 Engineering in San Francisco, CA
 Apply Now
  
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
  
  
 The candidate will report to the Director of Engineering, Airspace Systems (Tom Prevot). The candidate will also work closely with the Airspace Systems Design and Validation Team and the Network Operations Center Engineering Team, once these are established. 
  
 Within Advanced Programs, the candidate will need to coordinate with the Operations Planning team, the Data Science team, and the Design team for Advanced Programs. The candidate will also coordinate closely with the other engineering teams in Dispatch/Marketplace/Security at Uber, and potentially external stakeholders (e.g. NASA, FAA).
  
  
 Technical depth in engineering an operational capability
 The candidate needs to possess the skillset to design and implement the ENS to support large scale aerial rideshare operations, as well as drone deliveries. Therefore, the candidate should have extensive experience in scalable systems and creating production systems (such as Uber Dispatch).
 This candidate will be expected to be an individual contributor, and s/he will directly contribute code for the initial systems.
 The ENS will require near-real-time processing of large amounts of data across many devices. The candidate should have extensive experience building engineering back-ends, service-oriented architectures, and efficient data distribution services.
 The ENS will support large-scale, safe airspace operations. The candidate will work closely with the Director of Airspace Systems (Tom Prevot) to implement the requirements associated with achieving the required high level of safety in airspace operations. Ideally the candidate also has background enabling and measuring safe operations.
 The front end to the ENS will become the blueprint for an initial Network Operations Center. The candidate will need to be able to work an initial capability in a budget constraint environment while maintaining the vision for the actual long term capability that will be needed.
 Additionally, the candidate will need to work closely with highly-technical aviation companies and other parts of the ecosystem in a highly detail-oriented and technical capacity. As such, s/he must have a strong ability to grasp complex technical concepts and engage with highly-technical business partners to direct design and manufacturing efforts, as necessary.
 The candidate has experience in top engineering teams (ideally at Uber or another large tech company) and has extremely high regard for building to optimize safety and efficiency on a tightly-managed budget.
 The candidate ideally has experience working with software assurance methods. 
 Strong vision and strategic thinking
 Given the zero-to-one nature of Elevate (and thus the airspace systems within Elevate), the candidate will need to be able to envision the potential full scale of airspace operations supported and be able to lay out a framework that will support effective development and large scale operations.
 Uber may be the first company to implement airspace services for eVTOLs, but we are behind our competition in implementing small UAS services. The candidate will need to be able to quickly respond to changing priorities and change the development pace of certain services if priorities change. 
 It is imperative that this individual can go beyond merely executing on projects and instead contribute new ideas and challenge the status quo when appropriate.
 It is equally important that the candidate does not attempt to boil the ocean, i.e. try to build too much at one time.  S/he must be a “practical visionary” who can see the end game and execute a course to get there with many deliverables and key progress milestones along the way.
 Team building and engineering management skills
 An important part of this job will be to work with the Director, Airspace Systems (Tom Prevot) to establish an extremely effective engineering team that can initially work as a small, highly-efficient team, but over time will become a much larger team that will be responsible for creating a large-scale, mission-critical software system. The candidate should possess the skills to grow into a leadership position that can  form and motivate a team at the different stages of growth.
 The candidate will need to work with the Operations Planning team and the Data Science team to effectively prioritize the software implementation to meet the most important upcoming milestones. Therefore the candidate will need to be able to assess the scope of the work, prioritize, and push back on low priority items. 
 The candidate may also need to navigate a complex set of partners including FAA, NASA, and other industry partners, as well as competitors who will share the airspace.
 S/he must understand the needs of the core business and find ways to bring value to it through the efforts on AP initiatives.
  
  
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
