Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Head of Product - Payments Growth
 Product Management, Product in Amsterdam, Netherlands
 Apply Now
 WHY UBER?
   
  
 Uber is a technology company that is changing the way the world thinks about transportation. We are building technology people use 
 everyday
 . Whether it's heading home from work, getting a meal delivered from a favorite restaurant, or a way to earn extra income, Uber is becoming part of the fabric of daily life.
  
 We're making cities safer, smarter, and more connected. And we're doing it at a global scale-energizing local economies and bringing opportunity to millions of people around the world.
 Uber's positive impact is tangible in the communities we operate in, and that drives us to keep moving forward.
  
 Uber has already found strong product/market fit with its world-changing service. But it is absolutely day one for us. We’re seeking a small group of unbelievably talented product leaders to define and execute against a giant vision that builds upon what Uber has brought to the world so far.
 You’ll work among star engineers, designers and product managers in a fast-paced, rapidly growing, hybrid technology/operations environment. We are highly user-centric and we deeply believe we can innovate our way out of any box. The role demands great technical depth, principled thinking, well honed product judgment, a stubborn refusal to settle, bold innovation, a high design bar and a mentality of starting with the user and working backwards.
  
 Sound like you? Read on...
  
 What you'll do: 
 As Head of Product for Payments Growth, you will envision and execute on a payments strategy that generates large-scale growth for Uber globally. This includes all acquisition and engagement payment efforts across riders and driver-partners as well as building a scalable framework to seamlessly onboard new payment methods.
  
 You will be responsible for multiple programs including overall metrics and business impact. You will hire and grow Product Managers into strong leaders and help your programs shape their objectives, KPIs and roadmaps.
  
 Your performance is measured by the impact of the products you launch and by your ability to lead and inspire a high-performing cross-functional team that includes Product, Engineering, Design, Data, Finance, Business Development, and Operations. 
  
 What you'll need:
 10+ years experience leading product teams and delivering highly successful and innovative consumer internet products with your fingerprints all over them - you’re extremely proud of what you’ve accomplished.
 Expertise in payments product management a plus.
 The ability to set a high bar for your team and empower them to achieve great results
 A “driver” personality - constantly pushing toward clarity and delivery while balancing the need for great collaboration.
 Grittiness. You never hesitate to roll up your sleeves and tackle something hands-on, you persevere when others fall away.
 A computer science undergraduate degree or equivalent, preferably including hands-on software engineering experience. Technical understanding must go from the highest abstractions down to the metal.
 Finger-tippiness with data: you just go get the data you need with no muss/fuss and can whip it into an insightful story with no help. You know how to leverage data to make decisions without getting stuck in analysis paralysis.
 User-centricity - examples from your past of product challenges that you powered through because you were unwilling to make your problems your users’ problems.
 A high bar across the board - from your own contributions to the people you work with to the products you work on.
 Passion for Uber’s mission and the company’s hybrid technology / operations nature.
 A never-ending desire to grow and learn.
 Perks
 Employees are given Uber credits every month.
 The rare opportunity to change the way the world moves. We're not just another social web app, we're moving real people and assets and reinventing transportation and logistics globally.
 Smart, engaged co-workers.
 Uber is an equal opportunity employer and enthusiastically encourages people from a wide variety of backgrounds and experiences to apply. Uber does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), gender, national origin, citizenship, age, mental or physical disability, veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or any other basis prohibited by law.
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
