Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Product Marketing Manager - Marketplace - Rider Pricing & Fares Experience
 Product Marketing Management, Product in San Francisco, CA
 Apply Now
 About Uber
  
 Uber is a technology company that is changing the way the world thinks about transportation. We are building technology people use everyday. Whether it's heading home from work, getting a meal delivered from a favorite restaurant, or a way to earn extra income, Uber is becoming part of the fabric of daily life.
  
 We're making cities safer, smarter, and more connected. And we're doing it at a global scale-energizing local economies and bringing opportunity to millions of people around the world.
  
 Uber's positive impact is tangible in the communities we operate in, and that drives us to keep moving forward.
  
  About the Roles
  
 [Rider Pricing]
  
  The Rider Pricing role requires the Product Marketing Manager to be the voice of the customer, and lead the global product marketing for all rider pricing and promotions: you understand how riders think about trip pricing and promotions, how to contextualize the price and promotion to a rider segment, and when to market which promotions to enhance rider experience with Uber.
  
 As PMM, your job is to motivate riders to make Uber the choice for their transportation needs. Whether it’s for trips to and from the airport, for weekday commuting, or for an evening out on weekends. This requires working closely with Product Managers, Engineers, Data Scientists, Designers, UX Researchers, PR, Policy to build and deliver a magical rider experience - they push a button and get a ride.
  
 [Rider Fares Experience]
 The Rider Fares Experience role requires the Product Marketing Manager to be the voice of the consumer and lead the global product marketing across rider fares touchpoints. You understand how riders think about price and promotions, how to contextualize pricing to a rider segment, and when to market which promotions to improve rider experience with Uber.
 As PMM, your job is to motivate riders and drivers to make Uber the choice for their transportation needs. This requires working closely with Product Managers, Engineers, Data Scientists, Designers, UX Researchers, PR, Policy to build and deliver a magical experience.
  What You'll Do
  
  - Identify key user and market needs. Go deep on understanding the needs and decision-making process of riders as they relate to pricing and promotions. Build data-driven, actionable insights that inform product strategy.
 - Own the narrative. Craft the rider messaging and positioning to be used across cities. Test and optimize across target audiences working closely with brand and growth marketing teams to improve communication, and tie into the overall rider lifecycle.
 - Drive the go-to-market strategy. Build and scale the go-to-market plan for intelligent rider spend, including marketing assets, launches and feature updates in the cities we operate.
 - Develop education and engagement campaigns. Create and execute campaigns that impact the adoption and engagement working with the lifecycle and paid marketing teams.
 - Tell the product story. Be the product point-of-contact with PR and Policy teams to craft the benefits of driving with Uber.
  
 What You Need 
  
 - 5+ years experience delivering highly successful of go-to-market, demand generation and growth strategies with your fingerprints all over them - you’re very proud of what you’ve accomplished
 - Experience working with a cross-functional product team. Expertise managing stakeholders with diverse needs and perspectives.
 - Scary-good at articulating the essence of products and the value they create. You can develop a strong messaging hierarchy and effective content strategy plan. You can also play copywriter.
 - Top-notch at data-driven market research. You’re a truth-seeking missile. You know your market, customers and competition better than anyone, and you’re strong at integrating this information into your growth strategies.
 - Finger-tippinesses with data. You just go get the data you need with no muss/fuss and can whip it into an insightful story with no help. You know how to leverage data to make decisions and drive growth. Experience with SQL is a plus.
 - Execution-focused: You’re biased toward action, a great collaborator and master disambiguator/simplifier. You never stop pushing towards clarity and delivery.
 - Grittiness: You never hesitate to roll up your sleeves and take on something hands-on, you persevere when others fall away.
 - True passion for Uber’s mission and the company’s hybrid technology / operations nature.
  
 About the Team
  
  From the moment a rider or driver becomes a part of Uber, the Marketplace team is responsible for taking on some of the hardest quantitative problems related to improving their everyday experiences. These include building and optimizing Uber’s dynamic pricing system; identifying and predicting city-specific traffic, travel, and demand patterns; optimally matching multiple riders to a driver partner for uberPOOL; and intelligently achieving marketplace equilibrium across hundreds of thousands of drivers and millions of active users across 6 continents and 500 cities.
  
 The Intelligent Spend team within Marketplace is responsible for defining the pricing and promotions strategy with the city teams, building the models to efficiently allocate Uber’s spend, effectively marketing the pricing and promotions across the rider journey, and automating communications and measurement in each market.
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
