Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Product Manager - Security - Customer Identity Platform
 Product Management, Product in San Francisco, CA
 Apply Now
 About Uber 
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 About the Role
  
 Product Manager, Customer Identity Platform: Partner with product and engineering leaders across the company to craft and execute the strategy to develop innovative customer identity technologies for all Uber products, with focus on building a 
 unified, secure, extensible, reliable and scalable identity platform, securing customer accounts against attacks, and enabling internal product development, third-party application integrations and business partnerships.
 What You’ll Do
  
 Internalize and deeply understand Uber’s mission and strategies, as well as the mission and objectives of your team.
 Distill vision and strategy for cross-functional team, and drive the team to define qualitative objectives, quantitative goals and metrics, and roadmaps.
 Your performance is measured by the impact of the products and services you launch and by your ability to lead a high-performing cross-functional team that includes Product, Security, Engineering, Design, Data Science, Operations, and Business Development.
 Drive innovation, definition, deliverables planning, and design of entirely new identity and authentication solutions, challenging all members of cross-functional team to think boldly and creatively and then to funnel that energy into concrete products and platform technologies, as well as execution plans.
 You are deeply truth-seeking and metrics driven, collecting whatever data is necessary to inform product direction.
 Monitor and measure launched products and services, and feed insights back into development process.
 Represent the team in communication across the company. You will be an external advocate and help put Uber on the global map for innovation in customer identity.
  
 What You’ll Need
  
 Minimum of 2 years of product management experience in
  
 delivering highly successful and innovative technology platforms.
  
 Strong expertise in Identity and Access Management.
 Strong experience developing and executing on product strategies and roadmaps, managing and prioritizing multiple projects, and delivering and integrating complex projects into larger system deliverables.
 Sound business judgment, ability to influence others, strong analytical thinking skills.
 Ability to formulate data-driven decisions that lead to results.
 Exceptional storyteller and communicator with the ability to articulate a clear vision that balances principled decision making, user empathy and data analysis.
 Ability to translate internal and external customer needs into engineering requirements.
 Relentless curiosity to learn and adapt to rapidly evolving research, development and industry knowledge .
 Ability to build strong cross-team collaboration and align teams around common goals.
 A bold and optimistic personality: We’re coming to work everyday challenging the status quo, and we’re looking for people comfortable asking bold questions, along with the mental toughness to know we’re just at the start of a long journey.
 High standards across the board - from your own contributions to the people you work with to the products you work on.
 Ability to be a strong internal and external advocate for Uber’s customer identity agenda.
 Bachelor's degree or equivalent.
  
 About the Team
  
 The Customer Security and Privacy Team strives to deliver seamless and consistent customer identity, authentication, and privacy experiences across all Uber applications. We build scalable and extensible platforms, services and in-app features that empower users, protect user accounts, enable business, and adapt to global regulatory requirements. We are energized about transforming the way we protect customers and their data, building customer trust, and advancing the industry.
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
