Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 UX Research Program Manager
 Design in San Francisco, CA
 Apply Now
 About Uber 
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 UX Program Managers at Uber are creative problem solvers and team leaders by nature.  They are expert at building impactful relationships, improving team cohesion, creating efficiencies, and enabling teams to stay focused on delivering amazing product and service experiences to our users.  In this role, you will be a strategic and operational partner to our UX Research leadership team to build and evolve the global operational framework, systems and processes, and execute specific initiatives aimed at improving team health, communication, ways of working, and removing roadblocks to keep researchers focused on delivering their most impactful work.
 WHAT YOU'LL DO
 Work with UX Research leadership to identify team needs (process, tools, learning and development needs, etc), make recommendations for improvement, and drive the planning and execution of related projects.
 Partner with UX Research leadership to develop a communications strategy for keeping stakeholders and team better informed, synthesizing and sharing research findings to elevate awareness of research across the organization.
 Serve as the go-to point of contact for in-flight project status and priorities, roadblocks, and dependencies.  Make sure interdependencies are understood and planned for. 
 Create and maintain single source of truth documentation - both high level executive project summaries and executional details
 Support resource planning and allocation, helping align and forecast team needs
 Manage recurring research studies including milestone planning and running debriefs.
 Collaborate with Research Operations team to onboard new UX Research team hires across business areas
 Facilitate regular cadence of Research team 
 meetings, offsites, events
 Monitor team health. Help leadership be strategic in initiatives that maintain team cohesion and morale
 Engage UX Research team to be active contributors to Design org citizenship goals
 Seek opportunities to evangelize the team and the work internally and externally, e.g., identifying case studies, targeting relevant conferences
 Source, vet, onboard and manage preferred vendor relationships in partnership with our strategic sourcing team - including negotiating and managing scope, budget, contracting and procurement
 Contribute to the development of the program management function.  Share back successful practices, frameworks, tools, lessons learned that have worked in your team
  
 WHAT YOU’LL NEED
 5+ years experience as a project/program manager in a product/service design consultancy or (preferred) as part of an in-house product design/UX research team
 Experience working with or supporting research / insights function.
 Experience writing project briefs and scopes of work, estimating work effort, and managing resources. 
 Experience creating lean and scalable workflows and implementing process improvements
 Vendor management experience including budget and scope negotiation, facilitating the contracts and procurement, overseeing delivery
 Proficiency with project management and asset management tools (e.g., JIRA, Asana, Basecamp, Trello,  Box, Google Sheets, etc)
 Clear and effective written, verbal, and visual communication skills
 Strong analytical ability, conflict resolution and negotiation skills
 Ability to navigate ambiguity and drive conversations forward
 Superior organizational, time management, and prioritization skills
 Self-directed and takes initiative in tackling problems
 Excellent team player with experience leading large, complex team structures
  
 ABOUT THE TEAM
  
 The UX Research team’s mission is to inform and influence product decisions with exceptional insights about people, technology and services in our current and future world. At Uber, we spend our days bridging the gap between physical and digital experiences, and adding value to people’s everyday lives by creating transportation options and economic opportunities.
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
