Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Head of Marketing Strategy
 Central Marketing, Marketing in San Francisco, CA
 Apply Now
 Head of Marketing Strategy
 Job Description
 San Francisco, CA
 ---
 The Company:
 Uber is a technology company that is changing the way the world thinks about transportation. We are building technology people use everyday. Whether it's heading home from work, getting a meal delivered from a favorite restaurant, or a way to earn extra income, Uber is becoming part of the fabric of daily life.
 We're making cities safer, smarter, and more connected. And we're doing it at a global scale-energizing local economies and bringing opportunity to millions of people around the world.
  
 Uber's positive impact is tangible in the communities we operate in, and that drives us to keep moving forward
  
 ---
 The Role:
 Directing one of the largest consumer marketing budgets in the US, the Senior Director of Marketing Strategy will lead a world-class team of highly effective marketers across driver strategy, rider strategy, research & insights and program management. S/he will support the the VP of Marketing to drive strategy, integrated business planning, and the rhythm for the Global US/CA Marketing and Ridesharing Leadership Team to accelerate business.
 Responsible for building out a customer-centric agenda across the US/CA ridesharing business, s/he will be a proven and highly strategic, creative, and insight-driven marketer, who will craft core messaging frameworks and positioning for Uber marketing efforts. S/he will leverage market intelligence and consumer insights to develop targeting, creative, and campaign strategies.
  
 Finally, s/he will collaborate cross functionally with the Product, Research, Communications/Policy, Design, and Brand teams to deliver world-class marketing communications that drive brand health, customer acquisition, engagement, and loyalty. S/he will will be a highly strategic, motivated, and goal-oriented individual. 
 ---
 Looking for:
 A marketing visionary who understands fast-paced, technology-driven companies with strong growth goals, coupled with a love for delivering customers an unparalleled, delightful experience.
 A builder who is comfortable with ambiguity, knows how to develop and lead strong, effective teams and create cohesion while implementing rigorous marketing discipline.
 A candidate with a strong commitment to the customer, the team, and corporate ethics.
  
 What You’ll Do:
 Develop a US/CA-wide marketing strategy to accelerate growth and build the Uber brand.
 Oversee large teams across research & insights, strategy (rider, driver, reputation), and field marketing.
 Define customer segments, identify needs, prioritize markets, and drive insights across the organization into all areas of marketing and other related functions.
 Provide leadership in strategic and operational planning with marketing, messaging, and go-to ­market plans for products and services, channel partnerships, and more.
  
 Work closely with cross-functional leaders within and outside of marketing to ensure fit between Uber’s core promise to the customer and the delivery of the product/service.
 Accountable for continually refining the marketing processes, procedures, metrics, and tools which will enable Uber to achieve rapid growth goals.
  
 ---
 Successful Candidates Will Bring:
  
 Demonstrated success in developing brand strategies, launching new products and businesses, as well as driving activation across various consumer touch points
 Omni-channel global marketing experience, with deep subject matter expertise across all channels
  
 Deep understanding of campaign channels and experience successfully managing multiple work streams concurrently 
  
 Experience collaborating across teams, managing leaders across a complex organization
 A proven strategist with engaging skills in verbal, written, and visual communications
 Experience in leading innovative initiatives that meet and exceed business and financial objectives; critical thinking, excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
 Strong drive for results; can be counted on to lead self and others to exceed goals successfully
 Sound understanding of data and analytics with proven ability to translate numbers and results to a wide variety of stakeholders
 Balance of analytical skills and creativity in order to drive an effective strategy to completion through business partners, agencies, and the US/CA marketing team
  
 Strong influencing skills; supporting your point of view to both peers and senior management
 Demonstrated success generating earned media 
 Ability to manage effectively navigate through ambiguity to actionable recommendations/solutions
  
 ---
 Benefits 
 401(k) plan, gym reimbursement, nine paid company holidays.
 Full medical/dental/vision package to fit your needs.
 Unlimited vacation policy; take time when you need it.
  
 Perks
  
 Employees are given Uber credits every month.
 The rare opportunity to change the way the world moves. We're not just another social web app, we're moving real people and assets and reinventing transportation and logistics globally.
 Smart, engaged co-workers.
 Uber is an equal opportunity employer and enthusiastically encourages people from a wide variety of backgrounds and experiences to apply. Uber does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), gender, national origin, citizenship, age, mental or physical disability, veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or any other basis prohibited by law.
  
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
