Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Functional Safety Technical Expert, Automated Vehicles - Detroit
 Safety & Systems Engineering, Advanced Technologies Group in Wixom, MI
 Apply Now
 About Uber
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 About the Role
  
 Our safety experts apply analytical skills and expertise throughout the product development lifecycle, and we work with software engineers, hardware engineers, test teams, and external partners to efficiently deliver the appropriate level of assurance for on-road, highly automated systems.Our systems engineers bring knowledge of standard methodologies from a variety of industries, and apply tools and agile processes to right-size efforts around generating and maintaining system-level documentation and interface specifications.
 What You’ll Do
 As the Functional Safety Technical Expert, Automated Vehicles you will have exceptional automotive functional safety expertise and an ability to deeply understand and extrapolate from traditional/standard approaches to address the complex world of self-driving vehicles
 Responsibilities will include authoring functional safety work products for system elements, refining vehicle-level safety case artifacts, and aiding in applying tried-and-true analysis methods to evolving system architectures and highly complex software
 You will work in a small, self-optimizing team passionate about delivering results, not building an empire
  
 What You’ll Need
 Be knowledgeable about fail-operational system architectures and safety-critical system design and validation processes
 Be well-versed in automotive functional safety standards such as ISO 26262 and SOTIF
 Have an attested ability to move fast and the confidence to innovate where clear industry or regulatory mentorship does not currently exist
 Be comfortable in non-traditional environments -- highly helpful to have worked with startups, in an Agile development process, or in a dynamic skunkworks division
 Have proven experience working on sophisticated, safety-critical software systems
 Have a track record of participating in, influencing, and/or driving well-tailored safety processes -- not just executing according to standard procedures
  
 Bonus Points If
 Building novel safety cases for complex cyber-physical systems
 Making/defending smart judgements on residual system risk
 Adapting traditional standard safety processes to rare new technology applications, e.g.,
 Self-driving vehicles, highly automated driving
 Being exposed to another industry (e.g., aerospace, defense, medical) and the applicable standards/principles therein, such as IEC 61508, DO-178, STPA, ALARA
 Fast Learner - You flourish with learning new technologies, pivot easily but thoughtfully to new ideas, and don’t believe in one-size-fits-all solutions
 Versatile teammate - You are willing to adapt to whatever role is most needed in a given moment, and you rely on others' candid feedback for continuous improvement
 Business savvy - You understand requirements beyond the written word and how your technical contributions will influence the viability of future products
  
 About the Team
  
 At the Advanced Technologies Group (ATG), we are building technologies that will transform the way the world moves. Our teams in Pittsburgh, San Francisco, Phoenix, and Toronto are dedicated to mapping, software and hardware development, vehicle safety, and operations for self-driving technology. Our teams are passionate about developing a self-driving system that will one day move people and things around more safely, efficiently, and cost effectively.
  
 The System Safety team within Uber ATG is charged with ensuring that, at every stage of development, our self-driving vehicles are demonstrably free from unreasonable risk when operating on public roads. We also hold primary responsibility for establishing durable specifications that will guide the integration of self-driving technology onto the Uber network at global scale.
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
