Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Head of Operations, EngSec (to CISO)
 Engineering Security, Safety & Security in San Francisco, CA
 Apply Now
 About us
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 500 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 Uber’s CISO is looking for a strong Head of Operations leader to partner closely with on information and security engineering strategy, operations, and program management.  This is an innovative team working with the latest in security technologies and standards.
  
 Partnering as a strategist, consultant, and implementer, the successful Operations partner will ensure streamlined activities within the CISO’s organization. The CoS will be the extension of the CISO to help drive initiatives and improvements throughout the security engineering organization ensuring the long-term success SecEng organization, Uber, our Partners, our Customers, and our Communities.
  
 Operationally optimize and leverage a set of teams of 120 and growing - taking out the whitespace, aligning teams, driving cross-functional OKR’s and KPI’s, managing organization health and growth, and streamlining execution to maximize productivity across the board. You will align initiatives, facilitate cross-organization partnering, and manage key stakeholder relationships. This is a high impact, high visibility role for a technology and business hybrid passionate about, and experienced in, the technical security, risk, and threat management space.
  
 Our greater Security Organization is fortunate to have a strong Business Operations team as an internal partner assisting heavily with team hiring and budget work, so your role as 
 Operations and Strategy Partner
  will be more skewed toward security engineering expertise, leadership, and program management. Career path for this role is Chief of Staff to ELT.
  
 What you'll do
  
 Act as an adviser to the CISO and senior management team.
 Assist the CISO in facilitating effective decision-making
 Help build out long-term SecEng strategies and initiatives. Coordinate the execution of strategic initiatives, implementing lean frameworks, processes, best practices,  and the means to measure success.
 Develop detailed program/project plans (including roadmaps, funding planning, capacity/resource planning and hiring goals).
 Program manage complex and large scale cross-team, cross-functional initiatives from definition to launch. Interface with leaders in product, design, data science, operations, engineering managers, tech leads and/or engineers to do capacity planning, prioritization, estimate work efforts, define milestones and manage timelines. Track progress, resolve dependencies, evaluate risks and communicate status to upper management and project stakeholders. Engage and energize the project teams to achieve aggressive goals. 
 Proactively remove obstacles to drive momentum and progress. Identify communication gaps, manage issue escalations and provide support to teams balancing competing priorities. Drive results proactively.
 Ensure all staff issues are addressed properly, efficiently and judiciously, and keep track of progress until fully resolved.
 Partner with the leadership and their extended teams to drive the communication and execution and continuity within the organization.
 Collaborate cross functionally with Product, Finance, Legal, HR, Compliance, Trust & Safety, and multiple Engineering teams.
 Set a strong communicate cadence to manage through changes and fast-paced growth.
  
  What you'll need
  
 BSCS or similar degree with at least 2 years of hands-on engineering.
 Extremely high ethical standards.
 8+ years of relevant experience with some mix of engineering, technical product/program/project management, engineering team management, and/or Chief of Staff experience.
 Experience with a mix of application security, network security, risk management, compliance, threat assessment, access management, etc., and running security reviews.
 Experience with risk evaluation and management - good risk-related intuition.
 Deep knowledge of tech stacks, architectures, and technical security challenges and solutions in large scale, complex organizations. Knowledge of how to design and optimize for minimal tech debt.
 Subject Matter Expert level research and presentation skills: The CISO presents to auditors, internal engineers and security teams, external meetups and conferences, partners, and clients and you will partner on the research, preparation, and share delivery where CISO title not required.
 Proven ability to understand business-impacting  issues, trends and perspectives.
 Proactive approach to identifying problems and issues across organizations and ability to recommend and/or develop programs and processes to resolve them.
 The ability provide data-driven, strategic recommendations to all stakeholders and partner teams based on analysis, experience, technical acumen, and excellent judgment.
 A lack of hesitation to address something in a hands-on way.
 Experience in high-growth environment.
 Exceptional communication and organization skills.
 Strong leadership and self-driven work style.
 The ability to balance attention to detail with swift execution.
 The ability to navigate through networks and create relationships with leadership and teams alike.
 Proven track record of effectively interacting with senior management and assessing top priorities and needs of The Business.
 Proven ability to work strategically and collaboratively across departments, driving alignment.
 Propensity to thrive in, and build effective systems to navigate through, ambiguity.
 Effective, versatile, action and results-oriented.
 Not risk adverse - though thoughtful and thorough with risk management.
  
 Bonus Points
  
 Master’s degree in Computer Science or Business Administration or related.
 Technical Product Management experience.
 Scrum Master or experience.
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
