Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Frontend Developer- Uber Freight
 Engineering in San Francisco, CA
 Apply Now
 About Uber
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 About the Role
  
 We’re looking for experienced, passionate frontend developers to work on our team. Specifically, we organize our efforts into four cross-functional teams focused on the app experience, the operations experience, tools for shippers and finally marketplace dynamics.
 What You'll Do
  
 Carrier Experience
 The Carrier Experience team is a cross-functional team where Backend, Android and iOS engineers work together with design to build products we feel will provide better opportunities for truck drivers to maximize their revenue and flexibility. Our flagship product is a mobile application (available on iOS and Android) that helps Uber Freight's primary goal of automating the freight industry by giving drivers the ability to book their own loads and control their own schedules. We are a #driverobsessed team, and care deeply about our users and continually look for opportunities to improve their lives.
  
 Operations Experience
 The Operations Experience group aims to make every Uber Freight operations person a superhero. This means building fast, informative tools to speed up the workflows around creating, selling, and booking freight; it means becoming automation obsessed to maintain a lean, quality-obsessed organization even as we scale dramatically; it means building predictive models and alerting mechanisms so we can address loads at risk of operational failure before the problems ever happen.
  
 Marketplace Dynamics
 The marketplace dynamics  group is all about the intersection of market signals and business strategy. Its mission is to ensure that Uber Freight has the data, processes, and tools to build and maintain a healthy marketplace. That means building intelligent pricing engine and quoting tools so that our Operations teams can bid and sell with confidence
  
 at scale
 ; that means building data structures to track the buy-offer-sell spreads of our freight; that means building a dynamic optimally  priced marketplace to ensure that our drivers are the most fairly paid in the industry.
  
 Shipper Experience
 The Shipper Experience team is building tech to scale the demand for Uber Freight’s marketplace. The team is challenged with addressing diverse needs from the world's largest shippers to the smallest, and we are focused on replacing antiquated industry technology with open APIs, intelligent analytics, and reliable supply chain management and transparency.
  
 Come help us shape the future of one of the largest industries in the world.
  
 As a frontend engineer on the Uber Freight team, you will write client-side code for web applications used across the world to improve Uber's core logistics brokerage experience. At Uber, our teams operate our business through amazing web experiences built specifically to deliver value to customers, whether on the supply or demand side of our market. Working with backend and mobile engineers, you will create and maintain impactful tools critical to keeping Uber exciting and new, delivering value to both riders and drivers across the globe. We need people who are passionate about developing impactful, high performance web applications using up-to-date technologies and patterns.
 What You'll Need
 BS/MS/Phd in Computer Science or related field
 Consistent record of shipping high-quality features
 Expertise in Javascript, HTML, CSS, and experience with libraries like SASS, LESS
 Knowledge of Javascript frameworks like React, Angular, Backbone
 Experience with Node.js, Grunt, Gulp, or other server-side Javascript technologies and tools
 Familiarity with principles of good user experience
 Knowledge of the principles of accessibility and ability to create products that are accessible to users with disabilities, a plus
  
 About the Team
  
 Trucks move everything you buy, why shouldn’t booking a truck be as seamless as booking an Uber?
  
 Uber Freight connects shippers with carriers / truck drivers, much like the way the Uber connects riders and drivers. The Uber Freight team believes that empowering truck drivers will bring more open, efficient, and increasingly safer transportation to our roads. We are a team of sharp, entrepreneurial individuals who are redefining the movement of goods around the world. We are currently looking for candidates to join our growing team who share our enthusiasm for tackling today’s toughest challenges in transportation.
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
