Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Airspace Simulation Specialist
 Engineering in San Francisco, CA
 Apply Now
 About Uber 
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 About the Role
  
 The Airspace Simulation Specialist will focus on our Uber initiative to fast forward to ridesharing in the sky, i.e. urban aviation.  Specifically, this person will focus on our new initiative to create Airspace Systems at Uber including Elevate Network Services and a Network Operations Center. The candidate will be the go-to-person for all airspace simulation considerations within the Airspace Systems group under the direction of the Airspace Systems Director and in close coordination with the Elevate Head of Operations.
 What You’ll Do
  
 Selection, installation and configuration of airspace simulation systems. 
 The candidate will analyze the existing airspace simulation systems (research and production) and select the most effective systems to support the Uber elevate urban air mobility and drone delivery efforts.  Will be responsible for installation and configuration of these systems for simulations.
 Airspace scenario generation and simulation.
  The candidate will generate scenarios that mimic Uber elevate air-taxi operations at different stages, early demonstration flights, initial operations and operational implementation. Will generate Uber drone delivery scenarios at different levels of complexity and scale and will be able to simulate these scenarios while collecting the appropriate data.
 Simulation systems development. 
 The candidate will be responsible for making sure any necessary modifications to the simulation systems are identified and implemented. It would be a plus if the candidate could makes some of these changes independently, but s/he may also coordinate either with in-house engineers or external engineers to implement necessary modifications.
 Conduct real time simulations 
 The candidate will conduct real time simulations of airspace operations to investigate concept alternatives and provide input data into the elevate airspace systems under development.
 Data collection from simulation runs 
 The candidate should understand the data collection needs associated with the simulation runs and make sure the required data is collected and can be accessed for further processing. This may include preprocessing data into a format that is usable by analysts. 
 Coordination with other engineering teams
  The candidate will ensure proper coordination with other relevant teams and stakeholders, such as the Elevate Network Services engineering team, the Network operations center team, the Elevate Operations team as well as the Uber core services to understand requirements and priorities for implementation.
 Coordination with external simulations
 . It is expected that Uber will also work with external organizations (e.g. NASA, FAA) on simulations. The candidate will be coordinating technical aspects of these simulations and joint interactions.
  
 What You’ll Need
  
 Technical depth in airspace procedures and simulations
 Since the candidate will be the initial point person for airspace simulations, will need to have prior experience in conducting airspace simulations with state of the art simulation systems.
 The candidate needs to have a deep understanding of current airspace procedures and operations in the National Airspace System. The candidate needs to know how airspace operations are simulated and should be able to assess the fidelity of the simulations. This candidate should know which airspace operations can be modelled to which level of detail. 
 The candidate should have a good understanding of current UAS operations and proposed UAS Traffic Management (UTM) concepts and how they will interoperate with the current and future air traffic management of scheduled air carrier operations as well as general aviation traffic. This includes approaches to coordinate and avoid large and small UAS and piloted aircraft.
 The candidate will need to develop new airspace simulation scenarios and should be familiar with current procedural rules and regulations and have a vision towards scenarios reflecting Elevate air-taxi operations and drone deliveries. Scenarios should reflect different stages of implementation and scale. The candidate should have a general idea of what a drone delivery and an eVTOL trajectory would likely look like.
 The candidate should be able to identify effective improvements to the simulation systems and be able to communicate those to the engineering teams (internal or external) effectively. Being able to conduct some improvements herself would be a plus. 
 Strong vision and strategic thinking
 The candidate will need to be able to envision the elevate air-taxi and the drone delivery operations 5-10 years out, and she must strategically think about how Uber’s scenarios will unfold over time, starting with a representation of the demonstration flights in 2020, building up to initial operations in 2023 and full up ops in 2025.
 Excellent communication and collaboration skills
 The candidate will need to work closely with other organizations to develop and socialize the simulation scenarios, Therefore, he ideally has experience working with the FAA, NASA and other stakeholders on airspace simulations.
 Uber will be in a leadership position here, and the person in this role will assist in Uber’s internal and external messaging for our technical efforts as they relate to elevate and drone delivery.  As such, this person must possess the vision and reasonable ability to communicate, evangelize, and execute against that vision in order to form and grow the necessary partnerships over several years.
 The candidate will also need to be able to collaborate with various engineering teams, primarily the airspace engineering team and should therefore have the technical depth to effectively communicate with software engineers about engineering design in particular as it relates to simulation systems.
  
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
