Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Director Financial Reporting EMEA
 Accounting, Finance & Accounting in Amsterdam, Netherlands
 Apply Now
 About Uber 
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 The Director Financial Reporting EMEA is responsible for the financial reporting for all subsidiaries in the region and for the oversight of statutory financials and compliance. This role will work closely with regional finance, tax, legal and business operations to provide decision support through timely internal and external reporting and analysis.   
 The ideal candidate will be strategic yet hands on, having experience in a similar role in  high growth multinational organizations consisting of multiple lines of business. This person is a seasoned leader, and developer of people, processes and technology. 
 The role reports to the Vice President Tax and Accounting and requires close collaboration with HQ and other Regional Reporting and Tax teams in order to drive the successful management of the newly formed Reporting function.  Third party vendor relationship management falls within the scope of responsibilities where the Director Financial Reporting is expected to drive continued process improvements and efficiencies with the regional global reporting and compliance partner(s).
  
 WHAT YOU’LL DO:
 Lead the transformation of Uber reporting processes to better produce, interpret and take appropriate action to improve results, trends, and financial reporting.
 Work closely with the FP&A and Strategic Finance teams in the planning, target-setting and delivery of the budget, strategic plan and quarterly review cycles.
 Manage cash flow by tracking transactions and regularly reviewing internal reports; ensure that all financial transactions are properly recorded, filed and reported.
 Fully understand the requirements of US GAAP to IFRS and Dutch GAAP conversion and ensures that local books are maintained correctly each month, preparing and explaining US GAAP to IFRS (and Dutch GAAP) reconciliation.  Report adjustments required to US GAAP books to HQ GL team by day 25 each month.
 Perform monthly internal reporting including preparation of income statement, balance sheet, cash flow and flux analyses.
 Ensure all reporting and compliance deadlines for Uber BV are adhered to, including all registrations, statutory filings, tax returns and payments.
 Work closely with statutory auditor to ensure the statutory audit is planned and effected efficiently. Support the year-end group financial statement audit, as well as the statutory financial audit, and address additional follow-up questions/inquiries via internal or external auditors as they arise.
 Leads monthly flux report and calls to the HQ and Regional Management.
 Collaborate with both internal and external audit teams to ensure proper compliance with all regulations.
 Provide corporate accounting guidance by conducting technical accounting research on various topics (e.g. share based compensation), perform analysis and review of deals and current operations acquisitions, integrations, alternative financing (e.g. finance leases / SPV, equity injections), mergers, liquidations of entities, business valuations, IFRS, Inventory, etc.
 Work closely with FinOps teams to improve upstream processes that impact the financial reporting, including AP, AR and payments.
 Work closely with Regional and Global tax teams.
 Support Regional Head of Tax in ad hoc projects. 
  
 WHAT YOU’LL NEED:
 Bachelor’s degree in Accounting or Finance
 15+ years professional experience, with 2+ years relevant month-end close experience
 Thorough knowledge of IFRS and working knowledge of US GAAP and strong understanding of direct and indirect tax principles
 Team player, have ability to work independently and willingness to take on challenges
 Strong communication skills and ability to communicate key information and status to stakeholders.
 Ability to interact with all departments and levels throughout our organization
 Excellent project and time management skills, ability to prioritize and multitask
 Experience with Oracle R12 or another large scale ERP is preferred
 CPA / CA / equivalent qualification preferred
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
