Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Lead Product Marketing Manager, Driver Growth
 Product in San Francisco, CA
 Apply Now
 Uber is a technology company that is changing the way the world thinks about transportation. We are building technology people use everyday. Whether it's heading home from work, getting a meal delivered from a favorite restaurant, or a way to earn extra income, Uber is becoming part of the fabric of daily life.
 We're making cities safer, smarter, and more connected. And we're doing it at a global scale-energizing local economies and bringing opportunity to millions of people around the world.
 Uber's positive impact is tangible in the communities we operate in, and that drives us to keep moving forward.
 Uber's service is changing the world, but we're still just getting started. We’re seeking a small group of incredibly talented product leaders to define and execute an audacious vision that builds upon what Uber has brought to the world so far.
  
 If you have the right stuff to join the Uber Product Marketing team, you’ll collaborate with star Product Managers, Engineers, and Designers in a fast-paced, rapidly growing, hybrid technology/operations environment. As a PMM you will need to be both an inspiring storyteller and a quantitative blackbelt so that you can “own the narrative, and own the results.” The role demands technical depth, principled problem-solving, well honed product judgment, a stubborn refusal to settle, bold innovation, a high quality bar and a mentality of always starting with the user.
  
 Sound like you? Read on…
  
 The role:
 As a Product Marketing Manager on the Driver Growth team, you will be a true growth hacker. You’ll bring new users to our platform by digging into the data, ideating, testing, and optimizing. You will envision and execute go-to-market strategies for key features that eliminate barriers to onboarding, make it easy for our driver partners to start earning quickly, and/or break open new acquisition channels. You’ll lead a team of talented PMMs and work side-by-side by with Product Marketing, Engineering, Data Science and Design to develop amazing experiences for our users and drive massive efficiencies for our business model.
  
 Qualifications & requirements:
 Passion for Uber’s mission and the company’s hybrid technology / operations nature.
 10+ years combined product and growth marketing experience delivering highly successful growth, user acquisition and engagement strategies, with a focus on developer marketing.
 Finger-tippinesses with data: You just go get the data you need with no muss/fuss and can whip it into an insightful story with no help. You know how to leverage data to make decisions and drive growth. You have experience running rigorous multivariate testing.
 Top-notch at market research: You’re a truth-seeking missile. You know your market, customers and competition better than anyone, and you’re strong at integrating this information into your growth strategies.
 Master storyteller: You can craft a compelling narrative across different channels - you know how to match the message to the medium
 Scary-good at articulating the essence of products and the value they create. You can develop a strong messaging hierarchy and effective content strategy plan. You can also play copywriter.
 An “owner” personality: You’re biased toward action, a great collaborator and master disambiguator/simplifier. You never stop pushing towards clarity and delivery.
 An expert in test-and-learn growth hacking: You possess an uncanny ability to run and iterate on highly effective automated marketing campaigns.
 Grittiness: You never hesitate to roll up your sleeves and pursue something hands-on, you persevere when others fall away.
 PERKS:
 Employees are showered with Uber credits each month.
 The rare opportunity to change the world such that everyone around you is using the product you built. We’re not just another social web app, we’re moving real people and assets and reinventing transportation and logistics globally.
 Sharp, motivated co-workers in a fun office environment.
  
 BENEFITS (U.S.):
 401(k) plan, gym reimbursement, nine paid company holidays.
 Full medical/dental/vision package to fit your needs.
 Unlimited vacation policy; work hard and take time when you need it.
  
 We're bringing Uber to every major city in the world. We need brains and passion to make it happen and to make it happen in style.
  
 Uber is an equal opportunity employer and enthusiastically encourages people from a wide variety of backgrounds and experiences to apply. Uber does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), gender, national origin, citizenship, age, mental or physical disability, veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or any other basis prohibited by law. 
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
