Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 General Manager - Greenlight
 City Operations, Operations & Launch in Gurgaon, India
 Apply Now
 About us:
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 500 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the women and men who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 About the role:
 Uber Greenlight Locations help new partners get on the road for the first time, build engagement with the platform over time, and serve as a logistics hub for the city.
  
 Uber’s Greenlight team is part of the Community Operations India team. We implement strategy, planning, innovation, and business development for our network of Uber Greenlight Locations, which are one of the company’s key growth channels for getting drivers on the road and keeping them engaged with Uber. It’s an extremely rewarding and challenging team to work on because Uber 
 Greenlight Locations are the face of Uber for driver-partners, and our operations are essential for Uber’s growth around the globe.
  
 The Greenlight General Manager - India oversees and maximizes the performance of all GLs in the country. To accomplish this, you'll implement standard operating procedures for onboarding and engagement, and you’ll lead the team to innovate tomorrow’s new best practices. You'll assist with the finances and people operations of the GLs in India. You will maximize the return on investment for GLs at a regional level.
  
 You’ll also keep in close touch with a wide array of stakeholders within your region and at HQ to communicate business objectives and align priorities, making sure everyone is moving fast in the right direction.
  
 Your leadership will instill inspiration and confidence throughout the GLs in your territory, bringing groups throughout the region together as a single team focused on building competitive advantage by growing and strengthening our driver network.
  
 Responsibilities:
 Owning the success metrics for supply growth and operational SLAs, business targets, and financial performance of GLs throughout the region
 Optimize GLs in your region based on needs for supply growth and engagement of our driver-partners
 Hiring and training GL Managers & GL Co-ordinators for GLs in India
 Collecting and reporting on regional performance data, with a particular emphasis on trend identification and actionable insights
 Working with City Teams, Regional Teams, Facilities, and other stakeholders to manage space planning, budget and headcount
 Maintain consistency of operational efficiency and Partner experience at every GL in your region
  
 Background:
 10-12 years of operations management, retail management, management consulting, or support management experience
 Candidates with experience of handling large people organisations in retail, logistics, retail banking preferred
 MBA degree preferred
 Data-driven decision mentality and sound business judgment through strong analytical thinking
 Adaptable to change and ability to execute quickly
 Customer Service - You are obsessed with providing the highest quality of service and driving-up NPS
 Determined - You have no problem getting your hands dirty and doing the gritty work that comes along with the higher-level thinking
 A leader - You lead by example and have experience empowering a team to execute under pressure and tight deadlines
 Creative solutions driven mindset, with a get it done attitude
 High Emotional IQ – You expertly manage relationships with partners, influencers, seniors and co-workers
 Flexible and forward thinking - We need someone sharp and eager to play with different models to help us scale
 Self motivated - You are self driven and are eager to make an impact in the way we serve our drivers/partners
 Stakeholder management - You are able to work closely with senior leadership from other functions comfortably
 Perks:
 Employees are given  Free and Discounted Uber rides every month.
 Ground floor opportunity with the team; shape the strategic direction of the company.
 The rare opportunity to change the world such that everyone around you is using the product you built. We’re not just another social web app, we’re moving real people and assets and reinventing transportation and logistics globally.
 Sharp, motivated co-workers in a fun office environment.
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
