Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Product Manager - Elevate
 Product Management, Product in San Francisco, CA
 Apply Now
 About Uber:
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
  
  
 About the Role:
  
 On-demand aviation has the potential to radically improve urban mobility, giving people back time lost in their daily commutes. Just as skyscrapers allowed cities to use limited land more efficiently, urban air transportation will use three-dimensional airspace to alleviate transportation congestion on the ground. A network of small, electric aircraft that take off and land vertically (called VTOL aircraft for Vertical Take-off and Landing, and pronounced vee-tol), will enable rapid, reliable transportation between suburbs and cities and, ultimately, within cities. We’re looking for someone who can work with cities around the world to realize the full potential of this new mode of transportation. 
 We are looking for someone to lead product management for Uber Elevate, based in San Francisco.
  
  
  
 What You'll Do:
 Developing deep issue expertise on the hardware, software, operations, regulatory, and policy issues impacting Uber Elevate;
 Distilling the long-term vision and strategy for aviation at Uber, and building the roadmap to get us there;
 Collaborating with technologists across every part of the VTOL ecosystem—aircraft, batteries, autonomous technology, airspace management, etc.—to deeply understand the feasibility barriers and how Uber can help accelerate progress against them;
 Organize a series of Uber Elevate summits by working with a number of partners (internal and external) to design detailed sessions which move the ball forward against each of these barriers;
 Work with the Director of Aviation Engineering to meet with vehicle manufacturers to evaluate fit with Elevate and potential collaboration models with Uber;
 Consulting with local public affairs, communications and policy teams around the world to help cities enable this future mode of transportation; AND
 Working with business partners internally to develop creative solutions to thorny software and hardware challenges.
  
  
 What You'll Need:
 Deep interest in aviation and, ideally experience with aviation or robotics/hardware (preferred but not required)
 A computer science undergraduate degree or equivalent plus hands-on software engineering experience. Technical understanding must go from the highest abstractions down to the metal.
 2-5 years experience delivering highly successful and innovative consumer Internet products with your fingerprints all over them - you’re extremely proud of what you’ve accomplished
 Stellar design instincts and product taste
 A high bar across the board - from your own contributions to the people you work with to the products you work on.
 A “driver” personality - biased toward action, great collaborator and master disambiguator/simplifier - constantly pushing toward clarity and delivery.
 Finger-tippiness with data: you just go get the data you need with no muss/fuss and can whip it into an insightful story with no help. You know how to leverage data to make decisions without getting stuck in analysis paralysis.
 Rider-centricity - examples from your past of tough product challenges that you powered through because you were unwilling to make your problems your riders’ problems.
 True passion for Uber’s mission and the company’s hybrid technology / operations nature.
 A never-ending desire to grow and learn.
  
 About the Team:
  
 Uber has already found strong product/market fit with its world-changing service. But it is day one for us. We’re seeking a small group of unbelievably talented product leaders to define and execute against a giant vision that builds upon what Uber has brought to the world so far.
  
 If you have the right stuff to join the Uber Product team, you’ll work among star engineers, designers and product managers in a rapidly growing, hybrid technology/operations environment. We are highly rider-centric and we deeply believe we can innovate our way out of any box. The role demands great technical depth, principled thinking, well honed product judgment, a stubborn refusal to settle, bold innovation, a high design bar and a mentality of starting with the rider and working backwards.
  
  
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
