Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Sr Manager, Global Programs & Process
 Workplace, People Operations in San Francisco, CA
 Apply Now
 About Uber 
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
  
 About the Role
  
 This role is responsible for managing the Programs, Analysis & Innovations [PAI] Program Team and the Clearinghouse process in support of the Places (Workplace) team. The Clearinghouse is the mechanism that assesses inbound requests, processes, gains consensus, and delivers solutions. These requests can be sourced from PAI internally, Global leadership and external global business leads. This role will be based in San Francisco and report to the Sr. Manager of PAI and be part of our Global People & Places Organization.
 What You’ll Do
 Manage PAI process improvement Program Managers, including but not limited to subject matter experts in Construction and Compliance Best Practices, Facilities Management and Food Services as well as liaising closely with leads in Financial Process Improvement (Purchasing, Accounts Payable, Accounting).
 Be the ambassador of the Clearinghouse by presenting to stakeholders its purpose and operating principles as well as ensuring all PAI team members follow the established process.
 Build relationships as a trusted partner to key stakeholders. 
 Be the subject matter expert includes delivery processes, facility operations, compliance, legal, and development of business cases. 
 Develop and release the Clearinghouse end-to-end process, including the development, testing and handover process for all programs and process improvement projects in PAI.
 Clarify the exact requirements of requests. Qualify and prioritize requests while routing the requests through the approvals process.
 Identify all stakeholders and resource requirements and coordinating between these parties. Hold working team members accountable for information dissemination and feedback loop deadlines for critical business decisions.
 Manage the development of projects, defining schedules, and reviewing deliverables. 
 Present responses to requesters and stakeholders and respond to any follow up questions upon delivery of final solution.
 Carry out post-mortems of requests so that continuous improvements can be made to the Clearinghouse process. 
 Reviewing with PAI leads to establish success levels of solutions.
  
 What You’ll Need
 Minimum 10 years operating in the corporate workplace and facilities environment.
 Proven experience in Program/Project Management including managing multiple initiatives at once and keeping them all on track.
 High individual accountability and ownership. Confidence in making decisions but also aware when to escalate to avoid possible pitfalls.
 Enthusiasm for problem solving. 
 Exceptional management and leadership skills.
 Excellent relationship builder. Experience managing multiple stakeholders from various disciplines, with ability to hold individuals accountable to meet overall project requirements.
 Ability to manage challenges in a constantly changing fast-paced environment with high flexibility and adaptability.
 Very strong communications skills and attention to detail and accuracy.
 Ability to convert complex ideas into simple outputs. Excellent presentation skills able to present complex subjects in a clear and concise manner.
 Confident presenting to senior management.
  
 About the Team
  
 The PAI team is responsible for developing the 
 strategic, metrics-driven tools and innovations with the Global Places groups and providing strategic recommendations to drive critical business plans, processes, and initiatives.
  The PAI Team supports cross-functional initiatives for the Places team and our internal business partners and stakeholders. The Program Management team supports process improvement via individual speciality focuses with the ability to collectively partner internally and externally on priority initiatives. Workplace Analytics supports ongoing reporting globally as well as variable projects and initiatives relative to portfolio data. The Operations team is responsible for managing the 3rd-party vendor programs including establishing global and regional KPIs, Governance, and uniform reporting standards.
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
