Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Engineering Manager - Customer Identity
 Engineering Security, Safety & Security in San Francisco, CA
 Apply Now
 About Uber 
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 About The Role
  
 Uber's 
 Customer Identity 
 team is responsible for building a unified, secure, extensible, reliable and scalable system for customer signup, login, and identity management.
  
 The solutions support diverse use cases e.g. rider/driver/eater, enterprise/business customers, developers, third party application embed integrations, third party identity providers integrations, B2B & API authentication, Autonomous Vehicles authentication etc. 
  
 The solutions include several services and product APIs, web/mobile frameworks, reusable components & libraries, product features and user flows which enable multiple products, programs and external partners globally.
  
 We are ambitious, engaged, and excited about transforming the way to protect customers and their data, building customer trust, and advancing the industry.
 We are seeking an engineering leader to join our 
 Customer Identity Program
  team at Uber HQ in San Francisco.  The Engineering Security Manager will play a key role throughout the planning, development, and delivery of Uber's Customer Identity solutions, including interfacing with all the product, engineering, operations, legal and security teams. This role requires close collaboration with all product, product engineering and operations teams across Uber.
  
 What you'll need
 Prior management experience with at least 2 years experience managing technical teams and at least 5 years experience as an individual technical contributor, preferably in the mobile, web or product/business services for consumer products
 Provide subject matter expertise on product features, business integrations, API design, reusable & customizable mobile/web components/frameworks, extensibility, configurability, scalability and reliability.
 Ensure reliable and consistent business & operational metrics, dashboards, effective monitoring and alerting, excellent developer and user documentation, and proper test coverage
 Effective prioritization and timely resolution for all issues and feature requests from external users, product management, operations and support teams 
 Proven experience of large cross functional collaborations with multiple engineering, product & program management, legal and operations teams
 Fast learner. We're looking for engineering leaders who thrive on learning new technologies and don't believe in one-size-fits-all solutions. You should be able to adapt easily to meet the needs of our massive growth and rapidly evolving business environment.
 Management at Uber is management as a service. As such, managers are judged based on their ability to identify opportunities and lead/grow engineers through efficient execution. You must be persuasive, patient, compassionate and possess exquisite prioritization skills.
 Biased toward action. You must be able be able to do more with less and turn would be blockers into opportunities for growth.
 Excellent execution, organization and ability to collaborate. To be successful in this role, you should be comfortable executing with little oversight and be able to adapt to problems quickly.
 Strategic mindset. You're comfortable thinking a few steps ahead of where the team is at now.
 Principled yet pragmatic. A qualified candidate will have conviction and be authentic in their approach, but situationally aware enough to adapt when needed.
  
 Perks
 Employees are given Uber credits every month.
 The rare opportunity to change the way the world moves. We're not just another social web app, we're moving real people and assets and reinventing transportation and logistics globally.
 Smart, engaged co-workers.
 Benefits
 401(k) plan, gym reimbursement, ten paid company holidays.
 Full medical/dental/vision package to fit your needs.
 Unlimited vacation policy; work hard and take time when you need it.
 Uber is an equal opportunity employer and enthusiastically encourages people from a wide variety of backgrounds and experiences to apply. Uber does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), gender, national origin, citizenship, age, mental or physical disability, veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or any other basis prohibited by law.
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
