Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 City Lead, Lisbon - uberEATS
 City Operations, Operations & Launch in Lisboa, Portugal
 Apply Now
 About Uber 
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
  
 About the Role
  
 As the City Lead for UberEATS in your city, you will have the unique opportunity to scale and develop our food delivery platform in one of our key markets globally. Balancing the needs of the consumer, the restaurant partner and the delivery partner is very complex. Add to that the fact that we’re delivering a perishable product on demand and at massive scale and you have a really fascinating set of challenges to navigate. But food is also fun, and our users are passionate about eating great food, so you get to operate in a world that consumers love!
  
  
 We're looking for someone who has that mix of operational prowess to get great work done, the negotiation and collaboration skills needed to bring out the best from our restaurant partners, the innovation and creative thinking that's required to develop outside the box solutions, and the emotional intelligence required to lead a fast paced business and inspire a team of people.
  
 This is the ideal role for someone who has experience building out processes, who's obsessed with tinkering and iterating to obtain operational excellence and ‘Uber’ quality throughout the customer's experience. Local marketing, marketplace efficiency, quality and experience sit under the City Lead’s umbrella of responsibilities. Deeply understanding your market and and building local partnerships is critical. This is where creativity meets analytics and execution head on.
  
 What You’ll Do
  
 Get to know your market insight out and develop a strong network in your city to identify opportunities that can contribute to the success of the business
 Develop a strong relationship with our restaurant partners, be their best ally to develop their business and grow alongside UberEATS
 Work with the Iberia UberEATS team to optimize the platform for your city’s local needs. You’ll need to dive into the details about how efficiently the marketplace runs (speed, reliability, cost per trip) as well as improving the quality of the experience for Lisbon’s consumers, restaurant partners and delivery partners
 Collaborate with the Central Operations and Sales teams to scale your market efficiently
 Initiate creative local marketing strategies and partnerships that are relevant in Portugal
 Run local experiments, from temperature control to electric bicycle solutions. We're always looking for a better way!
 Manage local regulatory issues and local politics within the food delivery ecosystem
 Continue to grow the Portuguese market through user acquisition and geographic expansion, and driving consumer, restaurant and delivery partner loyalty 
 Help scale UberEATS to other cities through developing and sharing best practices
  
 What You’ll Need
 4+ years in business management experience (e.g., management consulting, private equity, investment banking, operations) in a rapidly changing environment; start-up experience an asset. Evidence of complete ownership of a P&L a plus
 Data-driven decision mentality and sound business judgement - you understand what drives value for each group in our marketplace and can make sensible commercial decisions to reflect this
 Effective project management - experience delivering on a multifaceted projects with many stakeholders
 Strong decision making under pressure and with incomplete information
 Stellar relationship building skills and the ability to make smart partnerships happen, from negotiation to execution
 Experience leading a team, with willingness to invest in the coaching and development of your team members
 Ability to adapt with resilience and humility
  
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
