Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Embedded/Mobile Engineer - Maps Research
 Maps, Engineering in Palo Alto, CA
 Apply Now
 About Uber
  
 Uber is a technology company that is changing the way the world thinks about transportation. We are building technology people use everyday. Whether it's heading home from work, getting a meal delivered from a favorite restaurant, or a way to earn extra income, Uber is becoming part of the fabric of daily life.
  
 We're making cities safer, smarter, and more connected. And we're doing it at a global scale-energizing local economies and bringing opportunity to millions of people around the world.
  
 Uber's positive impact is tangible in the communities we operate in, and that drives us to keep moving forward.
 Do you want to push the limits of what is possible in terms of applying artificial intelligence techniques on mobile phones? Recent developments in mobile computing mean that many applications that used to be limited to the cloud can now run on mobile devices and other embedded systems with lower latency, better battery and even when offline. 
  
 Uber is looking for adaptable embedded/mobile engineers that want to push the limits on this to enable new sensor and vision-related applications. Do you know the pros and cons of running algorithms on a GPU vs DSP vs CPU? How would you even measure which is better? Know how to milk every last ounce of performance using low-level systems like Vulkan and Metal? And, do you know to do with without melting the phone and putting it into thermal shutdown? Want to work with world-class researchers making their algorithms run on mobile devices? 
  
 We’re looking for people who have the following characteristics: 
  
 Fast learner. We’re looking for team members who thrive on applying their knowledge, learning new technologies and don’t believe in one-size-fits-all solutions. You should be able to adapt easily to meet the rapid pace of a rapidly evolving research, development, and testing environment.
 Fearlessness. You think a working proof-of-concept is the best way to make a point. You strive on proving that speed and quality are not conflicting; that you can achieve both at the same time.
 Versatility. In addition to having an intimate knowledge of core engineering fields, you understand how all the pieces fit together into integrated systems, and how they impact performance.
 Passion. You feel ownership over everything you ship; you'd never call code or design "released" until you’re confident it’s correct. You pride yourself on efficient monitoring, strong documentation, and proper test coverage.
 A team player. You believe that you can achieve more on a team — that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. You rely on others' candid feedback for continuous improvement.
  
 As part of Uber’s larger sensing effort, we are building new capabilities that will allow us extract valuable bits of information from imagery and sensors in order to optimize and augment maps in real time. 
 This will have a direct impact on both riders and drivers by helping them connect faster and get to their destinations more efficiently and safely.  We are looking for an embedded/mobile engineer who is will work with researchers to deliver impact to Uber’s users by pushing processing at the edge as far as is possible. 
  
 Requirements:
 Bachelor’s degree in EE, CS, CE or related disciplines. 
 Expertise with mobile development. 
 Expertise with performance optimization on mobile, including profiling
 Expertise working out how to divide work between multiple processors on mobile (CPU vs GPU vs DSP) preferred
 Interest in applying machine learning & computer vision to resource constrained devices (such as mobile phones) 
 Interest in Android development (with experience preferred)
 Ability to cooperate closely, jam and brainstorm with engineers, and be able to interact on topics like algorithms. 
 Data oriented - i.e. be able to set up experiments to measure things that will in turn drive decisions.  
 Ability to move between hacky solutions (when necessary) to quality engineering practices (when necessary). 
 The rare opportunity to change the world such that everyone around you is using the product you built. We’re not just another social web app, we’re moving real people and assets and reinventing transportation and logistics globally.
 Sharp, motivated co-workers in a fun office environment.
  
 Be sure to check out the 
 Uber Engineering Blog
  to learn more about the team.
  
 Perks
 Employees are given Uber credits every month.
 The rare opportunity to change the way the world moves. We're not just another social web app, we're moving real people and assets and reinventing transportation and logistics globally.
 Smart, engaged co-workers.
  
 Benefits
 401(k) plan, gym reimbursement, nine paid company holidays.
 Full medical/dental/vision package to fit your needs.
 Unlimited vacation policy; take time when you need it.
  
 Uber is an equal opportunity employer and enthusiastically encourages people from a wide variety of backgrounds and experiences to apply. Uber does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), gender, national origin, citizenship, age, mental or physical disability, veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or any other basis prohibited by law.
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
