Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Head of Marketing, UberFreight
 Central Marketing, Marketing in San Francisco, CA
 Apply Now
 About Uber 
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 About the role
  
 We're building a world class team at Uber called Uber Freight, reinventing commercial transportation, the same way Uber reinvented consumer transportation. This is an autonomous group within Uber, moving in a fast paced, startup like environment, connecting shippers and truck drivers to create the commercial network of the future, bringing openness, efficiency, transparency and safety to our highways. We are a team of sharp, entrepreneurial individuals who are redefining the movement of things around the world. 
 On the Uber Freight team, we believe that our dedication to transportation technologies will bring more collaborative, highly efficient, and increasingly safer transportation logistics to our roads. We are currently looking for candidates to join our growing team who share our enthusiasm for tackling today’s toughest challenges in transportation. When we see individuals truly owning their individual success, we succeed as a team.
 With deep overall marketing strategy, this person will work closely with the Uber Freight leadership team to scope, create and execute a multi-year overall marketing strategy and marketing operations plan. This will encompass growth marketing, brand marketing, B2B marketing, product marketing, partnership marketing and communications.
 You’ll come with a track record of building world-class teams from scratch and systems tied directly to the bottom line results of the organization. In addition you should have had deep exposure to both performance and brand marketing. 
 Come join us, and help us build a new fabric for logistics.
 What you’ll do
 Uber is looking to build out its Uber Freight marketing team with a Head of Marketing, who will directly lead a team of Growth, CRM, Field/Op, Product and Brand Marketers to enable the overall marketing effectiveness and decision making across the entire Freight business. Building a team for success, she/he will drive smart ROI driven marketing strategy and develop a strong brand within the logistics industry.
 You’ll be tasked  to help drive the story of Uber Freight and rapidly grow the carrier and shipper bases of our business by:
 Setting the marketing strategy & goals and building up platform and scaling key channels.
 Recruiting, coaching and leading the marketing team and utilizing the best strength of every team members.
 Launching, managing and optimizing new acquisition campaigns across all channels.
 Managing existing vendor relationships and sourcing new media.
 Executing all tracking and ensuring data integrity.
 Monitoring, measuring and optimizing all paid efforts.
 Prioritizing initiatives leading to the greatest returns for the company.
 Managing creative development and localization process for the region.
 Forecasting budgets, run rates, projections, and managing to a target.
  
 What you’ll need
  
 The ideal person for this role is well-versed in all aspects of marketing with following attributes:
 At least 12 years of experience on leading overall marketing.
 Commercially savvy, seasoned and tenacious enough to shape the business strategy.
 Understand market trends, competitive environment, produce evolution and ecosystem development.
 Work effectively across teams, locally and globally.
 Be a critical member of the worldwide marketing team, bringing to the table the opportunity, landscape and challenges about Freight/Logistics so as to influence and shape global marketing strategies and drive alignment.
 Be able to manage multiple marketing professionals, creating a people-centered organization with a team of outstanding professionals and high efficiency.
  
 Pluses
  
 Freight and Logistics experience
 Building a brand from the ground up
 Work both globally and locally
 Manage systems and budget
 Strong digital / Some TV and offline marketing experience
 Media buying and CRM exposure
  
 Perks
  
 Employees are given Uber credits every month.
 The rare opportunity to change the way the world moves. We're not just another social web app, we're moving real people and assets and reinventing transportation and logistics globally.
 Smart, engaged co-workers.
  
 Benefits
  
 401(k) plan, gym reimbursement, nine paid company holidays.
 Full medical/dental/vision package to fit your needs.
 Unlimited vacation policy; take time when you need it.
 Uber is an equal opportunity employer and enthusiastically encourages people from a wide variety of backgrounds and experiences to apply. Uber does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), gender, national origin, citizenship, age, mental or physical disability, veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or any other basis prohibited by law.
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
