Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 COE Team Lead - Manila
 Community Operations, Global Community Operations in Taguig City, Philippines
 Apply Now
 About Uber 
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 About the Role
 Our team leaders drive operational excellence through daily performance monitoring, coaching, motivating our teams, and continuously improving our processes. Our site's success is founded on each team member surpassing our productivity, quality and timeliness metrics under the guidance and support of our team leaders.
 What You’ll Do
 Instinctive, innovative and inspirational as a leader. There will be excited team members who will look up to you for guidance on difficult or complex issues. They are inspired by your passion for helping others and your dedication to doing the right thing. You're first to drive necessary actions to make sure excellent support is not sacrificed. As a leader, you also utilize analytics and numbers to back up your decisions.
 You take ownership. Owners seek creative solutions, optimize for long-term outcomes, bridge gaps in organizations, think, follow through, and act beyond their job description.
 Optimistic Leadership. Optimism is inspiring, and inspiration leads to people collaborating together to make the whole greater than the sum of the parts. Would you rather connect with someone optimistic and inspiring or someone negative? Optimism can lead the world into a vision for progress that is inspirational. A company whose behavior garners trust and respect is imperative if it desires to be a part of that change.
 Passionate and dedicated to growing Uber through excellent support. You will be completely transforming the concept of support at Uber. You're excited about engaging with the most challenging problems and questions from riders and partner-drivers.
 Reliable and calm under pressure. Dealing with new and different challenges among a wide range of rider and partner-driver cultures excites you. You have a way to anticipate problems that come your way and you like finding resolutions, using all resources available to you. You can move quickly with care. You embrace change and can learn and understand new information during times of pressure without losing composure during communication with the customer.
 Incredibly empathetic, patient, and understanding. You are easily adaptable and responsive to the emotion and tone of the rider or partner-driver you are dealing with. You are able to understand and resolve their issues quickly while knowing how to flexibly shift and adjust your communication approach with each of them.
 You have excellent communication skills and a passion for technology. A rider or a partner-driver will appreciate having you on the other end of the line, as you are helpful, capable and knowledgeable of the product. This makes you awesome to exchange information with. You're very comfortable using either written or spoken English to handle user concerns over email, through instant messaging or over a call. You also embrace most, if not all, things technology-related, thus your passion for our product.
  
 What you'll need
 Bachelor's degree with an above average academic standing
 At least 1 year of leadership experience
 High level of integrity, ownership and hustle, and uses data to guide decision making
 Excellent in both written and spoken English
 Exceptional comprehension, writing and problem solving skills
 Willingness to work shifting schedules and travel as business requires
 High proficiency with Google Suite and can quickly learn to use new software/apps
  
 Bonus Points If
 5 years total work experience in high-growth, productive, constantly-changing environments
 Work experience in other customer-centric industries (ex. Hotels, airlines, F&B, etc.)
 Extensive experience dealing with different markets (countries) and excellent understanding of cultural differences
  
 About the Team
 You will be part of the Manila COE Operations team serving various lines of businesses for Uber. Our teams attend to customers’ concerns via chat, phone calls or in-app help.
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
