Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Consumer Analytics and Insights Manager - UberEATS Apac
 City Operations, Operations & Launch in Singapore, Singapore
 Apply Now
 About Uber
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
  
 About the Role
  
 We are looking for an APAC Regional Operations Manager to drive marketplace efficiency to the next level across the region, by designing and executing processes, projects, and experiments inspired by a deep and analytical 
 understanding of our business. 
  
 This person will take on very complex problems that can be solved pulling many different levers and can be optimised over many objectives.
  
 Regional Operations Managers are the leaders of the Operations team. Whether creating processes, international experiments or pilots in cities across APAC, this role is dynamic and fast thinking.
  
 This person will work closely with city, Product, Legal, HQ and Community Operations teams to improve our marketplace efficiency and profitability.
  
  
  
  
 What You’ll Do
 Efficiency.
  Identify which are the main areas of improvement to optimise marketplace efficiency across all APAC cities. Map and optimise interactions and configurations between all the players of the marketplace (users, delivery partners, restaurants)
 Analytics.
  We use data to inform our decisions; you’ll quickly identify what data you need to solve a problem and how to analyse it to get to your answer. You’ll have experience dealing with complex data sets, deriving insights and checking against what you see in the real-world.
 Experimentation.
  Run experiments to validate your thesis and measure the impact with data. Consolidate results into action plans.
 Communication and collaboration skills.
  You’ll work with different Uber teams across APAC, and all over the world. You excel at working with diverse teams, understanding different perspectives, and building solutions together. You can advocate for your position, but provide the data and insights to convince others to follow your lead.
 Solutions-Focused.
  You seek out problems and innovate ways to solve them. You have autonomy to make changes to Uber in your city, and possess the skills to push our product to be the best it can be.
 Commitment to execute. 
 We only get better when we take the leap to make things happen. You should have a bias towards action and desire to see your ideas out in the world. You’ll have experience taking things from a proposal to a solution and the hustle to make it happen.
 Product.
  
 Become the Regional POC for relevant HQ product teams to proactively search for new features which could improve existing supply KPIs across the region by presenting data driven cases for changes.
  
  
 What You’ll Need
 At least 4 years of practical science or engineering work, consulting, investment banking, or of growing a startup
 Bachelor's degree in Science, Engineering, Economics, Finance, Management, or similar field
 Particular preference is given to candidates with backgrounds in Economics, Econometrics, Operations Research, Operations Management, Industrial Engineering, Statistics, or similar. If you think your background brings something to the table, we want to hear from you!
 Consistent track record of being a respected operational problem solver
 Data driven decision making mentality and sound business judgment through strong analytical thinking and experimentation methods
 Excellent prioritization skills and ability to juggle many responsibilities at once, adept at weighing importance of quick wins vs. long-term progress
 Demonstrated experience interpreting and presenting data to various audiences; ability to translate quantitative findings into action plans
 Strong communication and organization skills. Ability to take initiative in a constantly-changing work environment
 Knowledge in SQL, R, HTML is a plus
 Willingness to travel across the Asia-Pacific region when required
  
 About the Team 
 UberEats globally is pioneering how to deliver the best of your city right when you want it.  Our team has taken the idea of food delivery and developed a start-up using data and institutional knowledge to create a world class service.  Our Regional Operations team works with our in-country teams to optimize current processes, focus on business growth and ensure our customers have a seamless experience. Internally, our team collaborates closely with others across the region as well as the globe, to ensure we are building a product that is consistently efficient and enjoyable.
  
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
