Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 CSR Team Lead - Costa Rica
 Community Operations, Global Community Operations in San Jose, Costa Rica
 Apply Now
 About Uber
  
 Uber is a technology company that is changing the way the world thinks about transportation. We are building technology people use everyday. Whether it's heading home from work, getting a meal delivered from a favorite restaurant, or a way to earn extra income, Uber is becoming part of the fabric of daily life.
  
 We're making cities safer, smarter, and more connected. And we're doing it at a global scale-energizing local economies and bringing opportunity to millions of people around the world.
  
 Uber's positive impact is tangible in the communities we operate in, and that drives us to keep moving forward.
 About the job 
  
 At Uber, providing amazing customer support that establishes trust for riders and driver partners—our community—is a core feature of our product experience. We invest in this mission and believe in providing the highest quality service implemented in the smartest, most efficient way.
  
 Community Operations is pioneering how Uber manages rider and driver partner support around the globe and we’re looking for a Team Lead, (you!), to develop and lead various support efforts within our Phoenix Center of Excellence (COE). Uber COEs are contact management centers dedicated to providing premier customer support to riders and drivers. Uber relies on the COEs to provide support for our community’s toughest issues types, and provides an environment to pilot support for new products or test new support modalities or processes.  
  
 This will be a managerial role with a heavy focus on people management and continuous process improvement. Those interested should be excited to demonstrate those skills and be eager to lead a team of equally motivated team members
  
 What you'll do
 Lead, motivate, and develop high performing teams of Customer Support Representatives (CSRs) within a time-sensitive and demanding environment to deliver on operational key performance indicators (KPIs)
 Stay present and available for your team (~10 representatives); this includes covering the floor, answering questions, hosting weekly 1-on-1 meetings, and providing real-time feedback
 Instruct CSRs and cultivate performance to serve our rider and driver communities
 Audit your team’s performance with weekly audits and guide towards progressive improvements; identify opportunities for additional training & development
 Guide enforcement of policies, including attendance; create and distribute reports to COE management, provide Senior Leadership with daily snapshots of team’s performance; escalate issues to Senior Leadership as necessary
 Act as a Subject Matter Expert (SME). Identify trending issues and guide CSRs do the same in their daily work
  
 What you'll need
 Bachelor's degree or college experience preferred. At least 1 year of management experience in customer support
 Willingness to work weekends, early mornings, late nights, and occasional holidays, in an operational 24/7 environment
 Demonstrated ability to manage effectively, set team goals, develop people to their highest levels of performance, and guide through challenging situations
 Motivational skills - your team depends on you to inspire them to reach their full potential. You don’t let the stressors of the customer service industry negatively impact team attitude or morale
 Maintain a positive, can-do attitude and encourage others to do the same
 Comfortable delivering tough feedback - you’ll need to tune into CSRs’ performance, give reinforcing feedback where necessary, and offer critical feedback for growth opportunities as they arise.
 Exceptional written and verbal communication skills
 Optimistic leadership - you have an enthusiastic attitude and are passionate about making magic for our communities. You view every support interaction as a chance to impact our riders and driver partners in a positive way
  
 Bonus points if
 Experience in service, customer support, manufacturing or distribution in a high-volume work environment
 Past experience managing diverse teams of people, such as an Assistant Store Manager
 Bachelor’s in Business, Communications, English or Journalism
 Perks
 Employees are given Uber credits every month.
 The rare opportunity to change the way the world moves. We're not just another social web app, we're moving real people and assets and reinventing transportation and logistics globally.
 Smart, engaged co-workers.
 Benefits
 401(k) plan, gym reimbursement
 Eight paid company holidays.
 Full medical/dental/vision package to fit your needs.
 Robust paid time off policy; work hard and take time when you need it.
  
 Uber is an equal opportunity employer and enthusiastically encourages people from a wide variety of backgrounds and experiences to apply. Uber does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), gender, national origin, citizenship, age, mental or physical disability, veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or any other basis prohibited by law.
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
