Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Product Marketing Manager - UberEverything - Couriers
 Product Marketing Management, Product in New York City, NY
 Apply Now
 About Uber
  
 Uber is a technology company that is changing the way the world thinks about transportation. We are building technology people use everyday. Whether it's heading home from work, getting a meal delivered from a favorite restaurant, or a way to earn extra income, Uber is becoming part of the fabric of daily life.
  
 We're making cities safer, smarter, and more connected. And we're doing it at a global scale-energizing local economies and bringing opportunity to millions of people around the world.
  
 Uber's positive impact is tangible in the communities we operate in, and that drives us to keep moving forward.
 The Role
  
 Uber is creating flexible ways to earn money for hundreds of thousands of drivers across the world. As a product marketing manager focused on driver partners and the delivery experience it's your job to be their champion: you understand what's important to them, and you're committed to helping them succeed.
  
 We're providing a brand new way to partner with Uber through delivery. As part of this new team you'll develop, execute and own the team's go-to-market, demand generation and lifecycle growth strategies for delivery partners. Through the highly impactful programs you launch, you'll grow the number of drivers delivering with Uber and making sure they're successful.
  
 You also need analytical skills and experience driving growth as you will be responsible for global driver centered campaigns and will be constantly fine tuning many marketing levers to grow the community.
  
 If you do all of this well we will create the community and components for work that puts them first. Whether someone needs money as a part time student or even if they are already driving passengers on Uber, you can help make it easy for them to earn money when they want.
  
 Growing the community and making our delivery partners better is a determining factor in moving to a world where the idea of sending something across town is as easy as pushing a button. We believe that people are one of the most important assets to Uber and because of that we foster an environment that is welcoming to diverse perspectives.
  
  
 What you'll do
 Craft impactful launch plans, including messaging, positioning, and PR strategies
 Partner with Product, Design & Engineering to create simple, effective and delightful experiences for driver partners
 Execute effective acquisition & engagement campaigns that will grow the number of drivers delivering with Uber
 Shape the Uber brand to make delivering with Uber one of the most coveted ways to earn money
 Drive research plans to derive customer insights, steer & validate the product roadmap, and stay on top of the competitive landscape
 Work closely with operations to provide them with the creative content, user insights and data analytics they need to succeed
 Inspire the UberEverything team with a compelling vision for partnering with drivers
 Be the advocate for drivers in all your interactions
  
 Qualifications & Requirements
 Minimum 5 years experience delivering highly successful go-to-market, demand generation and growth strategies with your fingerprints all over them - you're extremely proud of what you've accomplished
 A BS/MS in computer science, mathematics, economics, business or a related field
 Very good at articulating the essence of products and the value they create. You can develop a excellent messaging hierarchy and effective content strategy plan. You can also play copywriter.
 Excellence in data-driven market research: You're a truth-seeker. You know your market, customers and competition better than anyone, and you're excellent at integrating this information into your growth strategies.
 Lead generation expertise: You can devise highly effective programs to generate qualified leads for your product. You're super creative and can rapidly execute on your ideas.
 Excellent email skills: You possess an uncanny ability to run and iterate on highly effective automated email marketing campaigns. Experience with ExactTarget, a plus.
 To take initiative with data: you just go get the data you need with no muss/fuss and can turn it into an insightful story. You know how to leverage data to make decisions without getting stuck in paralysis by analysis. Experience with SQL is a plus.
 A "driver" personality: You're biased toward action, a great collaborator and master disambiguator/simplifier. You never stop pushing towards clarity and delivery.
 Grittiness: You don't hesitate to take initiative and address something hands-on, you persevere when others give up.
 True passion for Uber's mission and the company's hybrid technology / operations nature.
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
