Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Product Designer, Platform
 Design in San Francisco, CA
 Apply Now
 About Uber
  
 Uber is a technology company that is changing the way the world thinks about transportation. We are building technology people use everyday. Whether it's heading home from work, getting a meal delivered from a favorite restaurant, or a way to earn extra income, Uber is becoming part of the fabric of daily life.
  
 We're making cities safer, smarter, and more connected. And we're doing it at a global scale-energizing local economies and bringing opportunity to millions of people around the world.
  
 Uber's positive impact is tangible in the communities we operate in, and that drives us to keep moving forward.
 Uber is seeking designers experienced in systems design to join our team. Come shape and invent ways to scale the design ecosystem at Uber.
  
 The Design Platform team is looking for a team-member with significant experience designing systems - someone who is a systems thinker at heart, is equally amazing in interaction design, visual design, and prototyping, and has experience establishing and evolving design patterns at scale. In this role you will be working collaboratively with Product Management, Design, and Engineering teams to execute designs that will inform the global design system by which our various web apps are designed and built on.
  
 You are an excellent communicator, comfortable in a fast-paced, growing environment, and passionate about scaling design systems to achieve consistent, high-quality experiences while developing the Uber digital brand. This position is full-time and based in San Francisco. The role requires great execution, bold innovation, passion for quality, and optimism to be inspired by the unknown and never settle, solving problems with creativity while keeping the user in mind and aspiration to take projects to the finish line.
  
 Learn more about the Design Team and the work being done here 
 https://www.uber.design
 .
  
 What you'll need
 To be a champion of consistency, quality, and efficiency. You understand the benefits of recycling design patterns but know when it's time to improve their design for broader use cases, effectiveness or consistency with the system at large.
 To have shipped product. You've weathered release cycles and know what details matter at each stage, how to motivate engineers to get the fit and finish right, how to translate insights from user studies into meaningful action, and what's most likely to go afoul at each stage. You can share several shining examples of real work you've shipped, and what you learned along the way.
 Speed, resourcefulness, and go-getter attitude. You are a self starter and able to lean in when necessary to push a project over the finish line. You come up with creative solutions to completing projects in less-than-ideal situations. A lack of resources doesn't stop you. You enjoy the opportunity of finding ways to get it done.
 Prototyping as a key part of your toolset. You've prototyped on multiple platforms. You've made last-minute tweaks between user studies. You know how to be all kinds of quick and dirty, but dream of better prototyping tools.
 You believe in craftsmanship and create elegant and compelling designs, over and over. Your portfolio is eye-wateringly beautiful. You have deep knowledge of microinteractions in use (on mobile, web, desktop, etc), and have nuanced views on how to make many of them even better. Your standards are very high, and you constantly strive to elevate your abilities.
 Technical abilities. You don't necessarily have to be able to build your own web app but you're fluent in the technologies needed to create the framework. Bonus points if you're savvy in HTML/CSS.
 Cross-platform skills. You've shipped something across several platforms. You know what translates from desktop and what doesn't, or why you'd opt for one solution for iOS and another on Android. While this role is mobile-specific, you'll be designing for a system with touchpoints across all platforms, and understanding the nuances of each is important.
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
