Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Community Operations Manager - UberEATS - SSA
 Community Operations, Global Community Operations in Johannesburg, South Africa
 Apply Now
 About Uber 
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 At Uber, support is more than just answering questions. It’s about using the information customers give us as insights to help UberEATS grow. Moreover, providing amazing support that establishes trust within our community — UberEATS customers, delivery partners and restaurants — is at the centre of the UberEATS customer experience. We’re obsessed about providing the highest quality service, in the smartest way. And for Uber to continue its growth and success, we need to be able to not only improve but also scale our fast-growing support operations.
  
 We’re looking for a Community Operations Manager to build, operate, scale and improve Community Operations in Iberia. This role comes with a heavy focus on solving problems through data analytics and leading teams to deliver stellar outcomes and continuous process improvement, advocating passionately on behalf of our community to influence the overall customer experience, and managing senior stakeholder relationships across the larger business to set the right expectations and deliver handsomely on them.
 WHAT YOU'LL DO
  
 Be the owner of our Community Support performance metrics in the region and help drive our growth by deep-diving into the numbers, performing analyses, providing insights and drawing actionable recommendations that increase the quality and the reactivity of our Community Service
 Project management: Be a hustling multi-tasker, supporting projects across the region. You’ll be THE go to person for many key initiatives within Community Operations.
 Pilot and own new initiatives that transform our support operations and improve the level of service we provide in close collaboration with the operational team and General Managers in the region
 Engage strategically with stakeholders, be it general managers or function leads to influence business goals and priorities, central global teams to improve internal tools and the overall user experience, or local teams.
  
 WHO YOU ARE 
 Proven experience: whether it be in a start up, bank, consultancy, or corporate, you are someone who loves driving change in a fast-paced environment (2+ years).
 Data-driven and analytical in mindset. You can look at any spreadsheet and know the right questions to ask to get to actionable outcomes, and you know how to explain data in a digestible way. Bonus points if you have SQL, coding, or programming experience.
 Naturally curious. You love learning how things work and you're always looking for ways to innovate. You enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results.
 A problem solver. You embrace challenges, and would stop at nothing to create solutions—whether they’re hacky, short-term workarounds, or more long-term process changes.
 A lover of process and optimisation. You will be revolutionising support for the UberEATS community. You’re excited about the opportunity to create and experiment with support processes, and are willing and able to lead others in iterating and executing them.
 A brilliant communicator. You’re eloquent and able to strike the perfect tone, whether you’re explaining a new policy to customers in writing, or explaining the recommendations of a data-driven study you conducted to global stakeholders through a video conference.
 Cool and calm under pressure. You have superior organizational skills, integrity, and great follow-through on tasks.
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
