Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Program Manager, Uber Eats - EMEA
 Central Marketing, Marketing in Amsterdam, Netherlands
 Apply Now
 About Uber 
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 Uber Eats delivers the best of your city right when you want it. Our curated menus feature dishes from the local spots you love and the ones you've always wanted to try. It's the same cashless payment as an Uber ride. So just tap the app, get your food delivered right to your doorstep and enjoy!
  
 With over 100 cities and 28 countries, Uber Eats has rapidly become a massive growth opportunity within Uber. In EMEA, Uber Eats is already in 12 countries and 40+ cities and is looking to further expand its footprint in the region. 
 We’re looking for an experienced program manager to manage small-scale initiatives and production requests, as well as leading end-to-end delivery of cross-functional marketing campaigns. With program management being a relatively new discipline in the EMEA region, you will be tasked with supporting the transition from an ad hoc marketing culture to a more integrated, scalable campaign model. Experience working in a fast-paced environment is a must - you are a self-starter who is not afraid to roll up your sleeves and have a proven track record of delivering results even when faced with organisational ambiguity. 
  
 This is a detail-oriented, cross-functional role that requires resourcefulness, the ability to multi-task and excellent communication skills to continuously deliver first class results. Pro-active planning, as well as strategic and pragmatic thinking, are core competencies for this Program Manager role. From design to data, engineering to development, you need to love to get into the weeds with problems to figure out how to break down barriers and drastically increase output. Documentation and creating efficient, scalable workflows are your thing. Last but not least, you are a passionate marketer with experience in planning and delivering cross-functional customer experiences at a global scale.
 What You’ll Do
 Manage programs end-to-end, including clarifying business objectives, assessing and reviewing briefs, overseeing program/creative development, executing the program, and measuring impact across a variety of both broad-based and hyper-targeted programs
 Manage cross-functional efforts to develop marketing campaigns and establish consistent cross-channel narratives and key moments
 Drive Program Management cross-functionally, supporting teams across multiple orgs such as marketing, operations, analytics and local markets.
 Lead assessment of program efficacy and efficiency and incorporate changes to improve results and overall performance
 Manage and prioritise marketing requests from local markets with a view to identifying opportunities to scale and create greater efficiency across markets
 Lead quarterly roadmap planning in collaboration with Central Marketing teams, working across channels, regions and audiences
 Work closely with cross functional internal teams to build out plans for high visibility programs by identifying requirements, dependencies and milestones to manage successful end to end delivery
 Enhances scope of the central marketing team by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests; exploring opportunities to add value to the organisation
 What You'll Need
 Minimum of 5 + years experience as a program or marketing campaign manager in a consumer-facing software or creative development environment. / fast paced environment
 Hands-on experience managing end-to-end delivery of marketing programs
 Ability to drive initiatives at both a strategic and executional level
 Experience managing the creative process and an understanding of branding and user centered product design.
 Strong interpersonal skills and ability to influence and motivate people at all levels across a broad variety of job functions.
 Excellent organizational skills to juggle many tasks without losing sight of the highest priority items.
 Ability to understand complex concepts and work across multiple functions and teams.
 Self-motivated and driven. Ability to work well independently and within a group setting
 Technical aptitude and an ability to understand technical designs, challenges and risks.
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
 People management experience a plus!
  
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
