Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Head of Data Science - Freight
 Data Science, Engineering in San Francisco, CA
 Apply Now
 About Uber
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 About the Role
  
 You’ll help articulate and execute toward a vision that effectively combines advances in data science with engineering, product and analytics to make a huge impact on the Freight and Logistics Industry. The Uber Freight team is a year old, so you’ll be coming into a role where you’ll have the opportunity to own your products all the way from ideation through maturity, and you’ll be able to build an organization as you see fit.
 What You'll Do
 Lead a team of talented data scientists solving a variety of mathematical problems
 Own end-to-end data science projects from the discovery & exploration phase through to implementation into mission critical systems
 Maintain a balance between building principled, mathematically rigorous solutions and shipping things quickly
  Use your models to influence business decisions across the business and gain support from stakeholders
 Communicate data science models and results to a range of stakeholders and executive team, incorporate their feedback to ensure our models have the best impacts on the business
 Mentor and guide the professional and technical development of your team members
 Work with Engineering Managers and Product Managers to maintain a prioritized backlog and create short term and long term goals
  
 What You'll Need
 M.S. or Ph.D. in Statistics, Operations Research, Mathematics or other quantitative field
 Minimum 
 10 years of hands-on technical or research experience
 Minimum 3 years data science leadership experience and experience managing data science teams 
 Experience supporting the analytics needs of all business functions (operations, product, research and development)
 Domain expertise in operations driven organizations, including but not limited to: logistics, transportation, supply chain management, or freight
 Demonstrable domain expertise in product metric identification, improving data quality, A/B testing, and experimentation design and execution
 Demonstrated expertise in strategic analysis to impact decisions
 Familiarity with technical tools for analysis - Python (with Pandas, etc.), R, SQL/HiveQL/Presto. Demonstrable familiarity (work experience, Github account) with programming concepts. Go or Python skills and previous software engineering background a plus
 Excellent communication skills - you can articulate experiment goals and methodologies clearly and communicate insights in an easily accessible way to the team
 Driven and focused self-starters, great communicators, amazing follow-through - you enthusiastically tackle your work and love the responsibility of being individually empowered
 Scrappy, Entrepreneurial mindset - you’re comfortable making do with what you have and building toward the future
  
 Bonus Points If
 Passion for answering difficult questions with and deriving insights from data
 Ability to automate pattern identification, prototype algorithms and demonstrate gains on real data
 Experience in building supervised machine learning & deep learning models a major plus
  
 About the Team
  
 Trucks move everything you buy, why shouldn’t booking a truck be as seamless as booking an Uber?
  
 Uber Freight connects shippers with truckers, much like the way the Uber connects riders and drivers. The Uber Freight team believes that empowering truck drivers will bring more open, efficient, and increasingly safer transportation to our roads. 
 We are a team of sharp, entrepreneurial individuals who are redefining the movement of goods around the world. We are currently looking for candidates to join our growing team who share our enthusiasm for tackling today’s toughest challenges in transportation.
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
