Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Lead Product Manager - Customer Obsession
 Product Management, Product in San Francisco, CA
 Apply Now
 About Uber:
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 About the Role:
  
 When figuring out to do, we start with what is best for our customer. That can be hard, but we refuse to settle. Instead, we innovate to deliver magical experiences for both the drivers and riders using the Uber platform. Many companies talk about being customer-focused, but we are customer obsessed. We are committed to figuring out what matters to our customers and then doing everything in our power to deliver it.
  
 As a leader in the product management team for Customer Obsession, you will be responsible for the strategy and development of self-service and proactive support systems to deliver exceptional customer experiences across mobile, web and in-person engagement platforms for Riders, Drivers, Eaters, Restaurants and Businesses using Uber. You will be using best of breed technologies, and latest machine learning and data science techniques to accomplish this at scale that has never been done before in the industry. 
 What You'll Do:
  
 Lead the team to deliver software systems for Uber customers and operations teams to self-serve and solve issues across mobile, web and in-person engagement platforms.
  
 Work closely with a massive community operations organization to build efficient and scalable customer support experiences
  
 Communicate effectively with executive stakeholders on the state of both the business and the product of customer support
  
 Internalize and deeply understand Uber’s mission and strategies, as well as the mission and objectives of your specific team
  
 Distill vision and strategy for the team, get all members of cross-functional team #superpumped.
  
 Be incredibly truth-seeking. Collect whatever data is necessary to inform product direction, whether in the form of competitive intel, rider behavior or other business metrics. Solicit and welcome critical feedback.
  
 Drive cross-functional team to set qualitative objectives and quantitative goals
  
 Drive innovation, definition, deliverables planning (roadmap) and design of entirely new Uber products and product features to deliver against team and company goals. Requires challenging all members of cross-functional team (engineering, design, etc.) to think boldly and creatively and then to funnel that energy into concrete products and execution plans.
  
 Drive definition of and execution against product go-to-market plan, including phasing and marketing.
  
 Monitor and measure launched products and feed insights back into product development process.
  
 Clearly communicate product plans, benefits and results, as appropriate, to a spectrum of audiences, from internal stakeholders to all Uber employees to riders.
  
  
 What You'll Need:
  
 This role demands real passion for the customer, great technical depth, principled thinking, well-honed product judgment, a stubborn refusal to settle, bold innovation, a high design bar and a mentality of starting with the customer first and working backwards
 A computer science undergraduate degree or other engineering degree equivalent.
  
 At least 4 years experience delivering highly successful and innovative dev platforms or reporting platforms with your signature all over them.
  
 Excellent understanding of Mobile development, Mobile Networking, and Performance technical domains.
  
 Data-driven decision making ability.
  
 A "driver" personality - constantly pushing toward clarity and delivery while balancing the need for great collaboration.
  
 High standards across the board - from your own contributions to the people you work with to the products you work on.
  
 Grittiness: You don't hesitate to take initiative and address something hands-on, you persevere when others give up.
  
 Passion for Uber's mission and the company's hybrid technology / operations nature.
  
 A deep desire to grow and learn.
  
 About the Team:
  
 We build the entire customer support infrastructure and our mission is to make Uber the preferred choice by delivering exceptional customer experiences through continuous investments in best of breed, self-service and proactive support systems. We set out to do that every single day by building scalable platforms that all of Uber’s growing businesses can plug into.
  
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
