Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Product Manager - Trust & Safety
 Product Management, Product in San Francisco, CA
 Apply Now
 About Uber:
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
  
  
  
  
  
 About the Role 
 We're making cities safer, smarter, and more connected. And we're doing it at a global scale-energizing local economies and bringing opportunity to millions of people around the world.
  
 Uber's positive impact is tangible in the communities we operate in, and that drives us to keep moving forward.
 You will drive innovation and smart safety business decisions while setting clear goals to lead a cross-functional team to success. We have the necessary building blocks with our engineering and operations infrastructure and with the right product leader, we're highly sure we'll deliver on our mission to ensure that safety is not a thought, a question, or a concern for any of our drivers or riders.
  
 You possess a combination of entrepreneurial spirit, passion for data, excellent design instincts, resourcefulness, technical ability, business savvy, and top communication skills.
  
 Ensuring safety is a unique challenge worldwide.
 What You'll Do
 • Internalize and deeply understand Uber's mission and strategies, as well as the mission and objectives of your specific team
 • Distill vision and strategy for the team, get all members of cross-functional team excited about creating a product with value.
 • Be incredibly truth-seeking. Collect whatever data is necessary to inform product direction, whether in the form of competitive intel, rider behavior or other business metrics. Solicit and embrace critical feedback.
 • Drive cross-functional team to set qualitative objectives and quantitative goals
 • Drive innovation, definition, deliverables planning (roadmap) and design of entirely new Uber products and product features to deliver against team and company goals. Requires challenging all members of cross-functional team (engineering, design, etc.) to think boldly and creatively and then to funnel that energy into concrete products and execution plans.
 • Drive definition of and execution against product go-to-market plan, including phasing and marketing.
 • Monitor and measure launched products and feed learnings back into product development process.
 • Clearly communicate product plans, benefits and results, as appropriate, to a spectrum of audiences, from internal stakeholders to all Uber employees to riders.
  
 What You'll Need
 • A computer science undergraduate degree or equivalent plus hands-on software engineering experience. Technical understanding must go from the highest abstractions down to the metal.
 • At least need 7 years experience delivering highly successful and innovative consumer Internet products with your signature all over them.
 • Stellar design instincts and product taste
 • High standards across the board - from your own contributions to the people you work with to the products you work on.
 • A "driver" personality - you are biased toward action, a great collaborator and an excellent disambiguator/simplifier - constantly pushing toward clarity and delivery.
 • Grittiness: You don't hesitate to take initiative and address something hands-on, you persevere when others give up.
 • You take initiative with data: you just go get the data you need with no muss/fuss and can turn it into an insightful story. You know how to leverage data to make decisions without getting stuck in paralysis by analysis.
 • Rider-centricity - you have examples from your past of tough product challenges that you persevered through because you were unwilling to make your problems your riders' problems.
 • True passion for Uber's mission and the company's hybrid technology / operations nature.
 • A deep desire to grow and learn.
  
  
 About the Team:
  
 Trust & Safety Intelligence
 As the Product Manager for the Trust & Safety Intelligence program, you will envision and execute on building the right data and metrics foundation as well as a product roadmap that's informed by data insights and go-to-market strategy for multiple key product offerings.
  
 Trust & Safety On-boarding & Growth
 As the Product Manager for Trust & Safety Onboarding program, you will envision and execute on a product roadmap and go-to-market strategy for multiple key product offerings that are geared towards keeping bad actors out while making sure it's easy for the good ones to take that first trip.
  
  
  
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
