Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Quality Manager- Lisbon
 Community Operations, Global Community Operations in Lisbon, Portugal
 Apply Now
 About Uber 
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
  
 About the Role
  
 At Uber, thousands of people are engaged in providing world-class support to our community. We need to onboard hundreds more people each month and ensure that those we have hired continuously develop their skills, no matter the role.
 To support that we’re
  looki
 ng
  for a Quality Manager to work alongside our Center of Excellence team to lead the internal Quality program. The Quality Manager will be in charge of running the quality processes to track our support performance in the Center Of Excellence, and help providing a better quality of customer support to our community. He / She will drive and organize projects to improve customer satisfaction and help the different teams in the business to reach a world-class customer support experience.
 The Quality Manager is a methodical but creative thinker, has to love large multi-­partner initiatives that require to innovate, lead, influence, and think both strategically and tactically. The Quality Manager must thrive in the type of environment that is fast paced, constantly changing and growing. Many of the problems and challenges we face have no textbook solution, so the ability to invent is critical.
 What You’ll Do
  
  
 Manage the Center Of Excellence Quality Audit Processes and manage a team of Quality Auditors performing quality assurance audits
 Perform root-cause analysis on some specific customer issues to understand what we can do better and improve customer support
 Liaise with Uber internal teams in the different markets supported by the Center Of Excellence in order to give feedback on what processes can be improved to increase the support quality
 Liaise with the Center Of Excellence internal management teams in order to provide feedback on Agents Performance and help provide coaching to increase their individual performance
 Liaise with our external providers teams (BPOs) to provide feedback on their team’s performance, and create sets of recommendations to improve the performance of their agents
 Liaise and report to the Product teams based on the root-cause analysis results to surface product issues and create sets of recommendations on product improvement based on customers feedback
 Create and update reports to provide insights to other teams in the business on what is causing customer pain and how we can improve the product experience
 Who You Are
  
 A self starter.
  You are ready for the autonomy that comes with building things from scratch within Uber, which includes defining the roles and responsibilities, goals and metrics, and processes within that team. You recognize that not every situation has a playbook, and are ready to face new problems and think of solutions independently.
 Analytical
 . 
 You can make sense of complex data sets to find root causes for training/learning issues, and can use this data to identify people who may need retraining or remediation.  
 A team player.
  You aren’t scared to collaborate across function or region to get the best possible outcome for your content.
 Naturally curious
 . You love learning and are invested in making our Community Operations org successful through laying a strong foundation for our Community Support teams.
 Engaged and efficient
 . Speed, resourcefulness and a go getter attitude.
 An owner
 . You get things done. You are deeply committed to taking Uber support to the next level and rise to the occasion to solve problems, big and small. You have the initiative to solve problems on your own. 
 Motivated.
  You understand the impact of a highly satisfied, excited team of users, and are passionate about grinding away at issues.
 Service oriented
 . As the voice of Uber to thousands of users, you’ll use this opportunity to make advocates out of our toughest critics. Your efforts will create more reasons for people to use Uber and to continue to trust us to get them where they need to go.
  
  
 What You’ll Need
  
  
 BA/BS/Masters in Economics, Business, Engineering, Computer Science, or other fields with quantitative focus
 4-5+ years of operational / management / quality / analytical or related experience; analytics or operations experience at a high-growth company is a plus
 Exceptional Excel / data management skills and the understanding that there’s always more to learn
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
