Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Operations Manager, Greenlight - Ottawa
 Community Operations, Global Community Operations in Ottawa, Canada
 Apply Now
 About Uber
  
 Uber is a technology company that is changing the way the world thinks about transportation. We are building technology people use everyday. Whether it's heading home from work, getting a meal delivered from a favorite restaurant, or a way to earn extra income, Uber is becoming part of the fabric of daily life.
  
 We're making cities safer, smarter, and more connected. And we're doing it at a global scale-energizing local economies and bringing opportunity to millions of people around the world.
 Uber's positive impact is tangible in the communities we operate in, and that drives us to keep moving forward.
 About the Role
  
 Uber’s driver-partners are our most important customers, and we’re building an exceptional experience for them in our cities. Greenlight Hubs help new partners get on the road for the first time, build engagement with the platform over time, and provide a home base for the driver-partner community. Our hubs are a one-stop shop for partners to get activated, receive support, and learn more about Uber. 
 Our Greenlight Manager leads the strategic vision and financial performance of a Greenlight support center. In this role, you will lead and develop a team of Greenlight Supervisors and Greenlight Experts to provide the best possible customer support for new and existing Uber Partners. Your team will go far beyond solving issues; they will identify root causes, escalate pervasive problems, develop vendor relationships, oversee the launch of new locations, and work on innovative partnerships to improve the driver-partner experience. 
 Most importantly, your staff will take pride in being the face of Uber to our driver-partners, and will treat every support interaction as an opportunity to build a better connection between Uber and the driver community. 
 You will work together with the city operations teams to make sure your Greenlight Hubs are meeting their market’s needs in terms of supply growth, onboarding, driver engagement, and any other local events or needs.
  
 What You’ll Do
  
 Own the success metrics for profitability, operational efficiency, and customer satisfaction scores
 Strengthen performance through process development and innovation
 Hire, train, and lead a team of Uber Experts and Supervisors
 Collect, analyze, and report on Greenlight performance data
 Collaborate with internal teams to ensure your Greenlight Hub offers our driver-partners the best possible experience each and every time they walk in the door
 Cultivate the global Uber brand and augment it with local details
 Partner with the Labs team on experiments to design the future of in-person experiences for driver-partners
  
 What You’ll Need
  
 Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience
 At least 2 years of relevant experience in Retail or Service team management in fulfillment, distribution, customer support
 Experience managing a P&L and/or budgets
 You operate with an ownership mentality, you’ll be fully responsible for the P&L of your Greenlight Hub and held accountable for delivering financial results
 You’re a self starter, you’re ready for the autonomy that comes with building a new team within Uber with minimal oversight
 You’re an analytical problem-solver, you quickly identify key metrics of success, digest complex data sets, and build data-driven action plans to respond to market conditions 
 You stay poised and calm under pressure, you follow through on tasks and view challenges as opportunities
 You’re process-driven, you have exceptional organizational skills, and constantly look to keep improving systems
 You are open and curious, you love learning how things work and you’re always looking for ways to innovate, you enjoy testing different support strategies and tracking the results
 You’re word-savvy and an excellent communicator, you’re eloquent and able to strike the perfect tone, whether you’re responding to inquiries or explaining a new policy
 You’re highly motivated, you understand the impact of a highly satisfied, excited team of users; you enjoy grinding away at issues
 Bonus Points if
  
 You’re literate in SQL and Excel or another data management resource
  
 About the Team
  
 Uber’s driver-partners are our most important customers, and we’re building an exceptional experience for them in our cities. Greenlight Hubs help new partners get on the road for the first time, build engagement with the platform over time, and provide a home base for the driver-partner community. Our hubs are a one-stop shop for partners to get activated, receive support, and learn more about Uber.
  
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
