Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Head of Vendor Operations, North America
 Community Operations, Global Community Operations in San Francisco, CA
 Apply Now
 About Uber 
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 About the Role
  
 At Uber, providing world-class customer support to riders and driver partners is a core feature of our product experience. Delivering this caliber of support isn’t easy - it takes leaders who can understand Uber’s operations, adapt to our constantly changing business, and help solve problems where no solution currently exists.
  
 We’re looking for an all-star business leader to grow and manage our Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) contact center network supporting our riders and partners across North America. As the Head of Vendor Management for North America, you will be responsible for defining site and vendor strategy, and managing contact center vendor relationships across the globe, including vendor governance, service delivery, contract administration, and risk mitigation and control. The right person is ready to make tough data-backed decisions in a high-stakes, high-speed environment. You are passionate about delivering wow customer experiences, passionate about solutions, and love getting in the weeds on any and all issues.
 What You’ll Do
  
 Own all facets of effectively managing the business relationship with Uber’s customer support Business Process Outsourcing partners (BPO’s) and the daily activities of the help center.
 Develop and maintain strong working relationships with employees at every level in the company, as well as with the vendor to identify, analyze and solve problems. 
 Support our Solutions teams to drive contact center procurement activities including vendor strategy, business requirement scoping, location assessments, request for proposal administration, and pricing and contract negotiation.
 Analytically drive the metrics used to evaluate Community Operations, including speed, efficiency, quality, and thoroughness to meet performance objectives. 
 Provide timely, in-depth and comprehensive forecasts, projections and data to the executive team.
 Demonstrate a management style that encourages participation and ownership, along with a continuous focus on action, customer satisfaction, support personnel satisfaction and financial management. 
 Lead a geographically distributed team of service delivery managers.  Coach, counsel, and develop team members to position them for advancement. 
 Determined operational strategies, conduct needs assessments, performance reviews, capacity planning, and cost/benefit analyses; identify and evaluate state-of-the-art technologies.  
 Ensure that riders and partners consistently receive high-quality, emotionally intelligent support, and build systems to deliver it with efficiency.
  
 What You’ll Need
  
 Bachelor’s degree and minimum 7 years of support center management experience
 Experience building and managing a high-performance team
 Ability to handle multiple priorities and to meet deadlines in stressful situations
 Strong technical and analytical aptitude
 Exceptional verbal/written communication skills
 Willingness to travel domestically and internationally 50% of the time
  
 Bonus Points if
  
 MBA or graduate degree 
 COPC Registered Coordinator certification
  
 About the Team
  
 The Head of Vendor Management, North America will be a part of the Global Support Operations organization, which is responsible for growing and managing Uber’s global Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) network and Workforce Management (WFM) function within the Community Operations organization.  The team ensures that our network is optimized to deliver world-class support experience to millions of customers through tens of thousands of Customer Service Representatives (CSRs) around the world.
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
