Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Global Head of Workforce Management
 Community Operations, Global Community Operations in San Francisco, CA
 Apply Now
 About Uber 
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 About the Role
  
 At Uber, providing amazing support for riders and driver partners, our community, is a core feature of our product experience. We invest in it, and believe in providing the highest quality service executed in the smartest, most efficient way.
  
 We’re looking for an all-star business leader to join our Global Community Operations team to build and develop an industry leading Workforce Management and agent optimization function. As the Global Head of Workforce Management, you will be responsible for defining, building and managing our global forecasting, workforce planning, and staffing processes across our worldwide internal and outsourced contact center network. The right person is ready to make tough data-backed decisions in a high-stakes, high-speed environment and is passionate about delivering world-class customer experiences and loves getting in the weeds on any and all issues.
 What You’ll Do
  
 Build and lead a team of Workforce Managers, schedulers, and analysts in forecasting, scheduling and hire plan management
 Establish a statistical baseline forecast model for each line of business
 Build contact center staffing and network optimization strategies for a multi-site, global network of internal and outsourced customer service representatives
 Partner with finance and business teams to understand contact volume drivers, and incorporate inputs into forecasting and planning
 Oversee the execution of hiring plans
 Identify and research service level risks for problem resolution and management notification
 Effectively forecast and account for growth due to seasonal variations, weather, special events and promotions
 Implement, oversee and maintain the Workforce Management (WFM) Platform utilized for forecasting and scheduling
 Define and implement Workforce Management policies and procedures
 Drive quality management and continuous improvement in the areas of capacity planning, resource management and contact center operations to enable efficient and streamlined execution of the forecasting, planning and scheduling work
 Establishes team goals, measures team performance and ensures that performance management responsibilities are executed, including communication, performance monitoring, documentation and coaching
  
 What You’ll Need
  
 Minimum 7 years leading a large scale, enterprise contact center operations function and in-depth expertise in contact center forecasting, scheduling and capacity planning
 Experience selecting, implementing, and utilizing industry-accepted workforce planning software/applications
 In-depth understanding of integrated workforce management and quality assurance tools working in tandem with a robust Customer Relationship Management application and telephony systems
 Strategic planning, business planning and budget development experience
 Strong analytical, operational and technical competencies, with extensive experience at presenting data and complex analyses
 Experience presenting reports, forecasts, trends and recommendations to senior management levels
 Strong communication, reading comprehension, and writing skills
 Expert skills in Microsoft Excel and Word
  
 Bonus Points if
  
 Knowledge SQL Server Management preferred
 MBA or graduate degree preferred
  
 About the Team
  
 Community Operations is pioneering how Uber manages customer and partner support around the globe. The team you will join has one mission: Make Customer Experience our #1 Competitive Advantage. You and your teammates will champion this mission every day until there are no doubts it’s a reality. The Global Network team supports Community Operations mission by creating strong relationships with our business outsourcing partners.
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
