Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Learning and Development Specialist- EMEA Greenlight
 Community Operations, Global Community Operations in Amsterdam, Netherlands
 Apply Now
 About us
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 500 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 Uber’s Global Greenlight Program team is part of Uber’s Global Operations team. The Greenlight Program team implements strategy, planning, innovation, and business development for the company’s global network of Uber Greenlight locations, our in-person locations that serve drivers.  These locations are one of the company’s key growth channels for getting drivers on the road and keeping them engaged with Uber. Greenlight locations are staffed by Experts (our in-person support specialists) as well as their leads and a location manager.
  
 As the EMEA Greenlight Learning and Development Specialist, you will focus on developing and empowering the Greenlight staff through world-class learning tools and trainings that scale. You will be responsible for the design, development, and execution of learning and development programs that equip Greenlight staff with the tools they need to succeed in their role. Ultimately, the training curriculum you design and develop will grow and strengthen Uber’s network of driver-partners by ensuring that their in-person experience is overwhelmingly positive.
  
 This role gives you an opportunity to impact the direction of the entire organization by ensuring our relationships with driver partners are phenomenal. Through highly influential learning and employee development, the UBER workforce will set the gold standard for in-person support and customer service.
  
 What you’ll be doing: 
  
 Design creative, effective, and scalable programs that develop and engage all levels of Greenlight staff.
 Lead and participate in needs analysis to identify where training or other learning programs can help our Expert staff deliver a better experience for driver partners or promote employee development.
 Manage projects, stakeholder communication, and training teams across EMEA
 Align training curriculum to Greenlight business objectives; focus on building programs that assist our goal of getting more drivers on the road.
 Develop course materials for Uber Experts and Greenlight leaders that support a variety of delivery types, including self-paced, eLearning, webinar and instructor-led.
 Evaluate the effectiveness your training program and make modifications based on findings and feedback. 
 Deliver learning programs to serve current and future needs of the business including customer experience, leadership development, and professional skills development.
 Work closely with learning professionals across throughout other regions to help build globally relevant training programs and learning experiences
 Assist in localizing content across EMEA
 Here are the kinds of skills we’re looking for: 
  
 2-5 years of experience as an instructional designer or Learning & Development Program manager
 Strong instructional design, curriculum development, and project management skills
 Some proficiency with online and eLearning software such as Articulate, Captivate, or Camtasia
 Advanced knowledge in productivity and collaboration tools (ex., Google for Work, Apple iWork suite, and Microsoft Office)
 Experience crafting courses using a learning management system (LMS) and/or similar platforms to house, deploy, and evaluate learning
 Familiarity with adult learning theories and methodologies (such as ADDIE, SAM, AGILE)
 Exceptional communication skills and the ability to synthesize and simplify complex topics and procedures
 Willingness for occasional travel 
 Perks
  
 Employees are given Uber credits every month
 Ground floor opportunity with the team; shape the strategic direction of the program and the company
 The rare opportunity to change the world such that everyone around you is using a product you built. We’re not just another social web app, we’re moving real people and assets and reinventing transportation and logistics globally
 Sharp, motivated co-workers in a fun office environment
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
