Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Engineering Manager, Hadoop HDFS
 Manager, Engineering in Palo Alto, CA
 Apply Now
 About Uber 
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
 About the role
 Uber is currently looking for an experienced engineering manager to lead our HDFS development effort. Based in Palo Alto, the HDFS Analytics Storage Team is responsible for the primary storage and storage access layers for all of Uber’s analytics data. The team’s mission is to provide access to scalable, resilient, secure, efficient and highly performant storage systems for all of Uber’s BI, Analytics and ML applications. Come lead the next generation HDFS and analytical storage systems and help us solve upcoming challenges include scaling to larger volumes of data and number of objects, namenode scalability, federated clusters, erasure coding, tiered storage, data freshness, data protection, multi-tenancy, SLAs, ACLs, and storage cost efficiency.
 What you’ll do
 Attract, Hire, Mentor and Retain the best tech talent
 Build and lead a team of 10+ engineers with a mix of Hadoop committers and infrastructure engineers
 Develop cross-org partnerships with peer organizations; collaborate and address their data storage requirements
 Influence and guide strategy, execution and innovation for all aspects of big data storage at Uber
 Engage with HDFS open source community to understand existing work and influence future roadmap; Represent Uber via talks at conferences and blog posts
 What you’ll need
 3+ years of management experience scaling and managing 5+ person teams with a track record of delivering results while growing/mentoring engineers on your team
 Experience going through the full software cycle of requirements, design, coding/testing best practices and operational excellence in delivering world class software and services
 Communication and leadership skills, with the ability to initiate and drive processes and projects proactively
 Solid understanding of distributed storage systems and system fundamentals such as concurrency, multi-threading, locking etc.
 Be customer obsessed and have the ability to translate customer and technical requirements into detailed engineering plans, architecture and design
 Give technical feedback and drive quality via code reviews, design reviews and postmortems
  
 Bonus points if
 Under the hood experience with Apache Hadoop HDFS or similar systems such as Apache Kudu, Apache HBase etc. is a strong plus
 Experience with highly available/fault tolerant, replicated data storage systems, large scale data processing systems or enterprise/cloud storage systems is also a strong plus
  
 About the Team
 The HDFS Analytics Storage team is part of the Hadoop Analytics and Infrastructure team. The Hadoop Analytics and Infrastructure team is based in Palo Alto, Seattle and San Francisco and is responsible for building the interactive and batch querying systems (based on Hive, Presto), advanced data processing platforms (based on Spark, other Data Science tools), Hadoop observability and security (Knox, Sentry) and the underlying storage and resource management infrastructure (with HDFS, YARN), for the rest of the company. 
  
 We have a small tightly knit team with a diverse set of backgrounds from companies such as Facebook, Google, Cloudera, Hortonworks, Amazon, Microsoft, LinkedIn, Twitter, Pinterest, Dropbox, other startups and college grads from the top schools. The team is proud to be a part of the open source community in innovating and shaping such exciting technologies as we move forward. Uber, as a business, is also growing rapidly, and Data at Uber is at the heart of almost all products e.g. Pricing predictions, Uber Pool route optimizations, Uber Eats restaurant recommendations, fraud detection, storage and processing of data collected from Autonomous vehicles etc. 
  
 By solving these business problems you will not only be helping Uber but also have a front row seat to build and innovate the future Big Data systems and contribute them back to open source. This is an exciting time to be part of the Data team at Uber. Be sure to checkout our 
 engineering blog
  to learn more about the team.
  
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
