Skip to main content
 Back
 Uber
 Rides on demand
 Install
 Ride
 Drive
 Help
 Sign In
 What city are you in?
 Become a driver
 Ride
 Overview
 How it Works
 Fare Estimator
 Safety
 Cities
 Airports
 Drive
 Overview
 Requirements
 Driver App
 Safety
 Rewards
 Eats and more
 Uber Eats
 Uber for Business
 Uber Freight
 What city are you in?
 English
 Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Enter keyword
 All teams
 All teams
 Advanced Technologies Group
 Business & Sales
 Communications
 Design
 Engineering
 Finance & Accounting
 Global Community Operations
 Legal
 Marketing
 Operations & Launch
 People Operations
 Product
 Public Policy
 Rentals & Leasing
 Safety & Security
 University
 All subteams
 All subteams
 All countries
 All countries
 Argentina
 Australia
 Austria
 Bangladesh
 Brazil
 Bulgaria
 Canada
 Chile
 Colombia
 Costa Rica
 Denmark
 Ecuador
 Egypt
 France
 Germany
 Hong Kong
 India
 Indonesia
 Ireland
 Italy
 Japan
 Kenya
 Korea, Republic of
 Lithuania
 Malaysia
 Mexico
 Myanmar
 Netherlands
 Pakistan
 Panama
 Peru
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal
 Saudi Arabia
 Singapore
 South Africa
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sweden
 Taiwan
 Thailand
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States of America
 Vietnam
 All cities
 All cities
 Search open roles
 Search
 Careers
 Search open roles
 Open Roles
 Product Manager - Marketplace - Rider Fares
 Product Management, Product in San Francisco, CA
 Apply Now
 About Uber
  
 We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 500 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.
  
 For the women and men who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.
  
 And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.
  
  
 About the Role
 • Rider Fares within the Marketplace group is responsible for figuring out rider, eater, and driver fares for Uber’s entire global marketplace and delivering prices in a clear and compelling user experience.
 • Rider Fares powers and develops Uber’s pricing levers that are critical to running Uber’s marketplace efficiently, providing real-time fare calculation that takes into account various internal and external inputs such as rider demand, driver availability, geography, and time. The price calculation for every single Uber trip flows through the Rider Fares platform.
 • The team also leads the end-to-end mobile app experience for pricing, ensuring that the determined fares for Uber’s portfolio of products is conveyed to riders and drivers with high clarity and in a magical experience, from app session to trip request and through to trip completion.
 • As the gateway and guardian of all Uber price determination, the Rider Fares team ensures the accuracy and traceability of the price for every trip taken on Uber, in addition to managing the interfaces with other Uber internal stakeholders that rely on price.
 What You'll Do
 Internalize and deeply understand Uber’s mission and strategies, as well as the mission and objectives of the Rider Fares team
 Lead the vision, roadmap, and execution to deliver a clear, compelling, and accurate Upfront Price in the user experience for all of Uber’s riders and drivers.
 Innovate and develop unique mobile app experiences and levers for pricing that encourage rider usage and continued loyalty.
 Ensure accurate, reliable, and traceable price calculation for every trip on Uber’s marketplace.
 Enhance and scale the Rider Fares engine that powers Uber’s pricing to support Uber’s exponential growth.
 Understand the requirements and needs of Uber’s markets to ensure successful global deployment of upfront price experiences.
 Lead cross-functional and full-stack teams of engineers, data scientists, and designers to deliver your product vision.
 Collaborate with Uber internal stakeholders, including the global operations teams that have on-the-ground knowledge about the city markets in which Uber operates.
 What You'll Need
 A passion to apply technology and data to change how humanity moves
 Minimum 2 years of product management experience
 Strong customer empathy, with an ability to transform complex data and customer insights into delightful mobile user experiences
 Experience working in a metrics and experimentation driven organization
 Experience partnering with cross-functional teams of engineers, data scientists, and designers to deliver extraordinary products
 Expert communication skills, both within your team and with leadership and stakeholders
 Academic background in computer science, statistics, or engineering
  
 About the Team
  
 The Marketplace group builds the platform, products, and algorithms responsible for the real time execution and online optimization of Uber's marketplace. We are building the brain of Uber, solving NP-hard algorithms and economic optimization problems at scale, in real time, making all of the decisions for Uber’s marketplaces based on up-to-the-second data as well as forecasts of the future. And we’re not just talking about designing algorithms - we also build robust production systems to power these algorithms from the ground up.
  
 Our group’s systems control the dynamics of all of Uber’s markets, from our core personal transport business with UberX and UberPool, to Uber’s emerging markets such as UberEATS and UberRUSH. We focus on areas like dynamic pricing (surge pricing, upfront pricing), intelligent dispatching (matching algorithms, dispatch paradigms), and supply positioning (optimal positioning of drivers in anticipation of demand patterns). The goal of these systems is to dramatically lower cost & ETAs for riders, increase revenue for driver partners, improve the overall efficiency and utilization of Uber’s fleet of supply, and enable products in entirely new marketplaces.
  
 Our group is continuously deploying a variety of system configuration and algorithmic changes that affect how we respond to and attempt to balance supply and demand in different markets - any given week could involve deploying a new real time dynamic pricing algorithm, testing a set of new dispatching features, and launching a supply positioning recommendation system to drivers. In addition to all of the changes that the teams in the Marketplace group are constantly making in order to optimize Uber’s marketplace, there are scores of other changes external to our control happening in each city’s markets: rider growth, driver growth, trip growth, cyclical daily/weekly demand patterns, special events, weather, and even Uber promotions like Kittens and Ice Cream.
 Apply Now
 See our Candidate Privacy Statement
 At Uber we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community. Uber is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
 Uber is in 0 cities worldwide
 City Search
 Go to Uber.com
 SIGN UP TO RIDE
 Become a driver
 Enter your location
 English
 Help
 Help
 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Instagram
 Ride
 Drive
 Cities
 Fare Estimate
 Food
 Business Travel
 How it Works
 Airports
 Countries
 Safety
 Careers
 Helping Cities
 Our Story
 Blog
 Newsroom
 Media
 Uber API
 Gift Cards
 Uber vs Driving Jobs
 Top Cities
 San Francisco
 London
 Los Angeles
 Washington D.C.
 Mexico City
 Sao Paulo
 Top Countries
 USA
 France
 India
 Spain
 Mexico
 Russia
 © 2017 Uber Technologies Inc.
 Privacy
 Accessibility
 Terms
